    Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.

    CHAPTER ONE.

    THE BOY WHO LIVED.

    Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud
to say that Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive were perfectly normal, thank you very much. Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive
were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange
or mysterious, because Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive just didn't hold with such nonsense.

    Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which
made drills. Mr. Dursley was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although
Mr. Dursley did have a very large mustache. Mr. Dursley was thin and blonde
and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very
useful as Mr. Dursley spent so much of Mr. Dursley time craning over garden fences,
spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley
and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.

    The Dursleys had everything their wanted, but their also had a
secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover
it. their didn't think their could bear it if anyone found out about
the Potters. Mr. Dursley was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but their hadn't
met for several years; in fact, Mr. Dursley pretended Mr. Dursley didn't
have a sister, because Mr. Dursley sister and Mr. Dursley good-for-nothing husband
were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered
to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the
street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too,
but the Potters had a small son, too,
 had never even seen a small son. a small son was another good reason
for keeping the Potters away; the Potters had a small son, too,
 didn't want Dudley mixing with
a child like that.

    When Mr. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday
our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to
suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening
all over the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as Mr. Dursley picked out Mr. Dursley most
boring tie for work, and Mr. Dursley gossiped away happily as Mr. Dursley
wrestled a screaming Dudley into Mr. Dursley high chair.

    None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.

    At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up Mr. Dursley briefcase, pecked
Mr. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but
missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing Dudley
cereal at the walls. "Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as Mr. Dursley left
the house. Mr. Dursley got into Mr. Dursley car and backed out of number four's drive.

    It was on the corner of the street that Mr. Dursley noticed the first
sign of something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. For a second,
Mr. Dursley didn't realize what Mr. Dursley had seen -- then Mr. Dursley jerked Mr. Dursley
head around to look again. There was a tabby cat standing on the
corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. What
could Mr. Dursley have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of
the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at a tabby cat standing on the
corner of Privet Drive. Mr. Dursley stared
back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, Mr. Dursley
watched a tabby cat standing on the
corner of Privet Drive in Mr. Dursley mirror. It was now reading the sign that
said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read
maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave Mr. Dursley a little shake and put a tabby cat standing on the
corner of Privet Drive out of Mr. Dursley mind. As Mr. Dursley drove toward town Mr. Dursley thought of nothing
except a large order of drills Mr. Dursley was hoping to get that day.

    But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of Mr. Dursley mind
by something else. As Mr. Dursley sat in the usual morning traffic jam, Mr. Dursley
couldn't help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely
dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear
people who dressed in funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young
people! Mr. Dursley supposed this was some stupid new fashion. Mr. Dursley drummed Mr. Dursley
fingers on the steering wheel and Mr. Dursley eyes fell on a huddle of these
weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly
together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of They
weren't young at all; why, Mr. Dursley had to be older than Mr. Dursley was,
and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of Mr. Dursley! But then The nerve of him
struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt -- these
people were obviously collecting for something... yes, that would
be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursleyarrived in the Grunnings parking lot, Mr. Dursley mind back on drills.

    Mr. Dursley always sat with Mr. Dursley back to the window in Mr. Dursley office
on the ninth floor. If Mr. Dursley hadn't, Mr. Dursley might have found it harder to
concentrate on drills that morning. Mr. Dursley didn't see the owls swoop ing
past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; people
pointed and gazed open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most
of people had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley,
however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. Mr. Dursley yelled at
five different people. Mr. Dursley made several important telephone calls
and shouted a bit more. Mr. Dursley was in a very good mood until lunchtime,
when Mr. Dursley thought Mr. Dursley'd stretch Mr. Dursley legs and walk across the road to
buy Mr. Dursley a bun from the bakery.

    Mr. Dursley'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until Mr. Dursley passed
a group of the people in cloaks next to the baker's. Mr. Dursley eyed the people in cloaks angrily as Mr. Dursley
passed. Mr. Dursley didn't know why, but the people in cloaks made Mr. Dursley uneasy. This bunch were
whispering excitedly, too, and Mr. Dursley couldn't see a single collecting
tin. It was on Mr. Dursley way back past the people in cloaks, clutching a large doughnut
in a bag, that Mr. Dursley caught a few words of what the people in cloaks were saying.

    "The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, The Potters
son, Harry"

    Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded "

    Mr. Dursley. "

    Mr. Dursley looked back
at the whisperers as if "

    Mr. Dursley wanted to say something to them, but
thought better of the whisperers.

    "

    Mr. Dursley dashed back across the road, hurried up to "

    Mr. Dursley office,
snapped at "

    Mr. Dursley secretary not to disturb "

    Mr. Dursley, seized "

    Mr. Dursley telephone,
and had almost finished dialing "

    Mr. Dursley home number when "

    Mr. Dursley changed
"

    Mr. Dursley mind. "

    Mr. Dursley put the receiver back down and stroked "

    Mr. Dursley mustache,
thinking... no, "

    Mr. Dursley was being stupid. Potter wasn't such an unusual
name. Potter was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a
son called Harry. Come to think of it, Potter wasn't even sure Potter nephew
was called Harry. Potter'd never even seen his nephew
. It might have been
Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley;
Mrs. Dursley always got so upset at any mention of Mrs. Dursley sister. Potter didn't
blame Mrs. Dursley -- if Potter'd had a sister like that... but all the same,
those people in cloaks...

    Potter found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon
and when Potter left the building at five o'clock, Potter was still so
worried that Potter walked straight into someone just outside the door.

    "Sorry," Potter grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost
fell. It was a few seconds before Mrs. Dursley realized that the man
was wearing a violet cloak. the man
 didn't seem at all upset at being
almost knocked to the ground. On the contrary, the man
 face split into
a wide smile and the man
 said in a squeaky voice that made passersby
stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me
today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles
like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!"

    And the man
 hugged Mrs. Dursley around the middle and
walked off.

    Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. Mr. Dursley had been hugged by
a complete stranger. Mr. Dursley also thought Mr. Dursley had been called a Muggle,
whatever that was. Mr. Dursley was rattled. Mr. Dursley hurried to his car and set
off for home, hoping Mr. Dursley was imagining things, which Mr. Dursley had never
hoped before, because Mr. Dursley didn't approve of imagination.

    As Mr. Dursley pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing
Mr. Dursley saw -- and it didn't improve Mr. Dursley mood -- was the tabby cat Mr. Dursley'd
spotted that morning. the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning was now sitting on Mr. Dursley garden wall. Mr. Dursley was
sure the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning was the same one; the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning had the same markings around the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning eyes.

    "Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly. the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning didn't move. the tabby cat he'd
spotted that morning just
gave Mr. Dursley a stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursleywondered. Trying to pull Mr. Dursley together, Mr. Dursley let Mr. Dursley into the
house. Mr. Dursley was still determined not to mention anything to Mr. Dursley wife.

    Mr. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. Mr. Dursley told Mr. Dursley over
dinner all about Mrs. Next Door's problems with Mr. Dursley daughter and
how Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried
to act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, Dudley went into the
living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:

    "And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the
nation's owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although
owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight,
there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every
direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the
nation's owlshave suddenly changed Experts sleeping pattern." The newscaster allowed
The newscaster a grin. "Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin
with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?"

    "Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but
it's not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers
as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to
tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, Viewers
as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to
've had
a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been celebrating
Bonfire Night early -- it's not until next week, folks! But I can
promise a wet night tonight."

    Mr. Dursley sat frozen in Mr. Dursley armchair. Shooting stars all over
Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all
over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...

    Mr. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of
tea. It was no good. Mr. Dursley'd have to say something to Mr. Dursley. Mr. Dursley cleared
Mr. Dursley throat nervously. "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard
from her sister lately, have you?"

    As Mr. Dursley had expected, Mr. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After
all, they normally pretended Mr. Dursley didn't have a sister.

    "No," Mr. Dursley said sharply. "Why?"

    "Funny stuff on the news,Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls... shooting
stars... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town
today..."

    "So?" snapped Mr. Dursley.

    "Well, I just thought... maybe... it was something to do
with... you know... Mr. Dursley crowd."

    Mr. Dursley sipped Mr. Dursley tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursleywondered whether Mr. Dursley dared tell Mr. Dursley Mr. Dursley'd heard the name "Potter." Mr. Dursley
decided Mr. Dursley didn't dare. Instead Mr. Dursley said, as casually as Mr. Dursley could,
"Their son -- Mr. Dursley'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't Mr. Dursley?"

    "I suppose so," said Mr. Dursley stiffly.

    "What's Mr. Dursley name again? Mr. Dursley, isn't it?"

    HarryHarry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."

    "Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes,
I quite agree."

    his didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs
to bed. While Mr. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept
to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The
cat was still there. The
cat was staring down Privet Drive as though The
cat
were waiting for something.

    Was his imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with
the Potters? If it did... if it did got out that they were related to
a pair of -- well, his didn't think his could bear it did.

    The Dursleys got into bed. Mr. Dursley fell asleep quickly
but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in Mr. Dursley mind. Mr. Dursley
last, comforting thought before Mr. Dursley fell asleep was that even if the
Potters were involved, there was no reason for the
Potters to come near Mr. Dursley
and Mr. Dursley. the
Potters knew very well what Mr. Dursley and Petunia
thought about the
Potters and the
Potters kind.... Mr. Dursley couldn't see how Mr. Dursley and
Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on --
Mr. Dursley yawned and turned over -- Petunia couldn't affect he and
Petunia....

    How very wrong Mr. Dursley was.

    Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but
the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was
sitting as still as a statue, It eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far
corner of Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door
slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In
fact, it was nearly midnight before The
cat moved at all.

    A man appeared on the corner The
cat had been watching, appeared
so suddenly and silently you'd have thought A man'd just popped out
of the ground. The
cat's tail twitched and The
cat eyes narrowed.

    Nothing like A man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. A man
was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of A man hair
and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into A man belt. A man
was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground,
and high-heeled, buckled boots. A man blue eyes were light, bright,
and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and A man nose was very
long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This
man's name was Albus Dumbledore.

    Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that Albus Dumbledore had just
arrived in a street where everything from Albus Dumbledore name to Albus Dumbledore boots
was unwelcome. Albus Dumbledore was busy rummaging in Albus Dumbledore cloak, looking for
something. But Albus Dumbledore did seem to realize Albus Dumbledore was being watched, because
Albus Dumbledore looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at Albus Dumbledore from
the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat
seemed to amuse Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore chuckled and muttered, "I should have known."

    Albus Dumbledore found what Albus Dumbledore was looking for in Albus Dumbledore inside pocket. It seemed
to be a silver cigarette lighter. Albus Dumbledore flicked It open, held It up
in the air, and clicked It. The nearest street lamp went out with
a little pop. Albus Dumbledore clicked The nearest street lamp again -- the next lamp flickered into
darkness. Twelve times Albus Dumbledore clicked the Put-Outer, until the only
lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the
distance, which were the eyes of The
cat watching Albus Dumbledore. If anyone
looked out of anyone
 window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley,
anyone
 wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on
the pavement. Albus Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where Albus Dumbledore sat
down on his garden wall next to The
cat. Albus Dumbledore didn't look at The
cat, but after
a moment Albus Dumbledore spoke to The
cat.

    "Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall."

    Albus Dumbledore turned to smile at the tabby, but the tabby had gone. Instead Albus Dumbledore
was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings The
cat had had around
The
cat eyes. a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes black
hair was drawn into a tight bun. a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes looked distinctly ruffled.

    "How did you know it was me?" a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes asked.

    "My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."

    "You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day,"
said Professor McGonagall.

    "All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have
passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here."

    Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.

    "Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes said
impatiently. "You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but
no -- even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It
was on they news." a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes jerked a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes head back at the Dursleys'
dark living-room window. "I heard the Dursleys'
dark living-room window. Flocks of owls... shooting
stars.... Well, Flocks of owls... shooting
stars....'re not completely stupid. Flocks of owls... shooting
stars.... were bound to
notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet that was
Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."

    "You can't blame Flocks of owls... shooting
stars....," said Albus Dumbledore gently. "We've had
precious little to celebrate for eleven years."

    "I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's
no reason to lose We heads. People are being downright careless,
out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle
clothes, swapping rumors."

    a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes threw a sharp, sideways glance at Albus Dumbledore here, as though
hoping Albus Dumbledore was going to tell a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes something, but Albus Dumbledore didn't, so a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square
glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes
went on. "A fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who
seems to have disappeared at last, even the Muggles found out about us
all. I suppose Albus Dumbledore really has gone, Albus Dumbledore?"

    "It certainly seems so," said Albus Dumbledore. "us have much to be
thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?"

    "A what?"

    "A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"

    "No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though
Professor McGonagall didn't think this was the moment for lemon drops. "As I say,
even if You-Know-Who has gone -"

    "My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can
call a sensible person like yourself by a sensible person like yourself name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven
years I have been trying to persuade people to call a sensible person like yourself by a sensible person like yourself proper
name: Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but Albus Dumbledore,
who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "It all
gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never
seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.

    "I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding
half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone
knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort,
was frightened of."

    "You flatter me," said Albus Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers
I will never have."

    "Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use Voldemort."

    "It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam
Pomfrey told me Madam
 liked my new earmuffs.Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Albus Dumbledore and said,
"The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You
know what everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what
finally stopped he?"

    It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point Professor McGonagall
was most anxious to discuss, the real reason Professor McGonagall had been waiting on
a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had
a woman fixed Albus Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as Professor McGonagall did now. It
was plain that whatever "everyone" was saying, Professor McGonagall was not going
to believe it until Albus Dumbledore told Professor McGonagall it was true. Albus Dumbledore,
however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.

    "What they're saying," Professor McGonagall pressed on, "is that last night
Voldemort turned up in Godric's Hollow. Voldemort went to find the
Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are -- are --
that Lily and James Potter're -- dead. Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore bowed Albus Dumbledore head. Professor McGonagall gasped.

    "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to
believe it... Oh, Albus...Albus Dumbledore reached out and patted Albus Dumbledore on the shoulder. "I
know... I know..." Professor McGonagall said heavily.

    Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as Professor McGonagall went on. "That's
not all. They're saying Professor McGonagall tried to kill the Potter's son, Harry. But
-- Professor McGonagall couldn't. Professor McGonagall couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why,
or how, but They're saying that when Professor McGonagall couldn't kill Harry Potter,
Voldemort's power somehow broke -- and that's why Professor McGonagall's gone.

    Albus Dumbledore nodded glumly.

    "It's -- it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all
Professor McGonagall's done... all the people Professor McGonagall's killed... Professor McGonagall couldn't kill a little
boy? It's just astounding... of all the things to stop Professor McGonagall... but
how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?"

    "We can only guess," said Albus Dumbledore. "We may never know."

    Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed
at Professor McGonagall eyes beneath Professor McGonagall spectacles. Albus Dumbledore gave a great sniff
as Albus Dumbledore took a golden watch from Albus Dumbledore pocket and examined a golden watch. It was a
very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little
planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense toAlbus DumbledoreAlbus Dumbledore, though, because Albus Dumbledore put It back in his pocket and said,
"Hagrid's late. I suppose it was Albus Dumbledore who told you I'd be here,
by the way?"

    "Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're
going to tell me why you're here, of all places?"

    "I've come to bring Harry to Harry aunt and uncle. his aunt and uncle're the
only family Harry has left now."

    "You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live
here?" cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to Professor McGonagall feet and pointing
at number four. "Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching his aunt and uncle
all day. You couldn't find two people who are less like us. And
two people who are less like us've got this son -- I saw this son kicking this son mother all the way up
the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here!"

    "It's the best place for this son," said Albus Dumbledore firmly. "Albus Dumbledore
aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to Albus Dumbledore when Albus Dumbledore's
older. I've written His
aunt and uncle a letter."

    "A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back
down on his garden wall. "Really, Albus Dumbledore, you think you can explain all
this in a letter? These people will never understand Albus Dumbledore! Albus Dumbledore'll be
famous -- a legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known
as Harry Potter day in the future -- there will be books written
about Harry -- every child in our world will know Harry name!"

    "Exactly," said Albus Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the
top of Albus Dumbledore half-moon glasses. "It would be enough to turn any boy's
head. Famous before Albus Dumbledore can walk and talk! Famous for something Albus Dumbledore
won't even remember! CarA you see how much better off Albus Dumbledore'll be,
growing up away from all that until Albus Dumbledore's ready to take it?Professor McGonagall opened Professor McGonagall mouth, changed Professor McGonagall mind,
swallowed, and then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course. But
how is Albus Dumbledore getting here, Albus Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall eyed his cloak suddenly
as though Professor McGonagall thought Albus Dumbledore might be hiding Harry underneath his cloak.

    "Hagrid's bringing Harry."

    "You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as
important as this?"

    I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Albus Dumbledore.

    "I'm not saying Albus Dumbledore heart isn't in the right place," said
Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend Albus Dumbledore's not
careless. Albus Dumbledore does tend to -- what was that?"

    A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. "

    A low rumbling sound grew
steadily louder as them looked up and down the street for some sign
of a headlight; "

    A low rumbling sound swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the
sky -- and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the
road in front of they.

    If a huge motorcycle was huge, a huge motorcycle was nothing to the man sitting
astride a huge motorcycle. the man sitting
astride it was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at
least five times as wide. the man sitting
astride it looked simply too big to be allowed,
and so wild - long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of
the man sitting
astride it face, the man sitting
astride it had hands the size of trash can lids, and the man sitting
astride it feet in
their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In the man sitting
astride it vast, muscular
arms the man sitting
astride it was holding a bundle of blankets.

    "Hagrid," said Albus Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And
where did you get a huge motorcycle?"

    "Borrowed it, Albus Dumbledore, sit," said the giant,
climbing carefully off a huge motorcycle as Albus Dumbledore spoke. "Young Sirius
Black lent it to sir. I've got Young Sirius
Black, sir."

    "No problems, were there?"

    "No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got sir out all
right before even the Muggles started swarmin' around. sir fell asleep
as we was flyin' over Bristol.Albus Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over a bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under
a tuft of jet-black hair over sir forehead they could see a curiously
shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.

    "Is that where -?" whispered Professor McGonagall.

    "Yes," said Albus Dumbledore. "Albus Dumbledore'll have that scar forever."

    "Couldn't you do something about it, Albus Dumbledore?"

    "Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have
one sir above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London
Underground. Well -- give Albus Dumbledore here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this
over with.Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore took Harry in Albus Dumbledore arms and turned toward the Dursleys'
house.

    "Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Hagrid. sir
bent sir great, shaggy head over Harry and gave sir what must have
been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let
out a howl like a wounded dog.

    "Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake even the Muggles!"

    "S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted
handkerchief and burying Hagrid face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it
-- Lily and James an' James dead -- an' poor little Harry off ter live with
Muggles -"

    "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid,
or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagridgingerly on the arm as Albus Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall
and walked to the front door. Albus Dumbledore laid Harry gently on the doorstep,
took a letter out of his cloak, tucked a letter inside Harry's blankets,
and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of
the other two stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook,
Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light
that usually shone from Albus Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.

    "Well," said Albus Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business
staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations."

    "Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin'
Sirius Hagrid bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor
Dumbledore, sir."

    Wiping Hagrid streaming eyes on Hagrid jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung
Hagrid onto a huge motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with
a roar the engine rose into the air and off into the night.

    "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said
Albus Dumbledore, nodding to Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall blew Professor McGonagall nose
in reply.

    Albus Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner
Albus Dumbledore stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. Albus Dumbledore clicked the silver Put-Outer once,
and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that
Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and Albus Dumbledore could make out a tabby
cat slinking around the corner
 at the other end of the street. Albus Dumbledore
could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.

    "Good luck, Harry," Harry murmured. Harry turned on Harry heel and with
a swish of Harry , Harry was gone.

    A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay
silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would
expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over
inside Harry Potter blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on
the letter beside Harry Potter and Harry Potter slept on, not knowing Harry Potter was special,
not knowing Harry Potter was famous, not knowing Harry Potter would be woken in a few
hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as Mrs. Dursley opened the front door
to put out the milk bottles, nor that Harry Potter would spend the next few
weeks being prodded and pinched by Harry Potter cousin Dudley... Harry Potter couldn't
know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the
country were holding up people glasses and saying in hushed voices:
"To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!"

    CHAPTER TWO.

    THE VANISHING GLASS.

    Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to
find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly
changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and
lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys front door; The sun crept
into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as The sun
had been on the night when Mrs. Dursley had seen that fateful news
report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really
showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots
of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing
different-colored bonnets -- but Mrs. Dursley was no longer a
baby, and now Only the photographs on the mantelpiece showed a large blond boy riding a large blond boy
first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game
with a large blond boy father, being hugged and kissed by a large blond boy . The room
held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.

    Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not
for long. Harry Potter Aunt Petunia was awake and His Aunt Petunia was His Aunt Petunia shrill voice
that made the first noise of the day.

    "Up! Get up! Now!"

    Harry woke with a start. His Aunt Petunia rapped on the door again.

    "Up!" His Aunt Petunia screeched. Harry heard His Aunt Petunia walking toward the kitchen
and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. Harry
rolled onto Harry back and tried to remember the dream Harry had been
having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle
in It. Harry had a funny feeling Harry'd had the same dream before.

    His Aunt Petunia was back outside the door.

    "Are you up yet?" His Aunt Petunia demanded.

    "Nearly," said Harry.

    "Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And
don't you dare let the bacon burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's
birthday."

    Harry groaned.

    "What did you say?" "

    Harry snapped through the door.

    "Nothing, nothing..."

    Dudley's birthday -- how could Dudley have forgotten? Harry got
slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. Harry found a pair
under Harry bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put themon. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs
was full of spiders, and that was where Harry slept.

    When Harry was dressed Harry went down the hall into the kitchen
. The
table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. The
table
looked as though Mrs. Dursley had gotten the new computer Mrs. Dursley wanted,
not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly
why Mrs. Dursley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Mrs. Dursleywas very fat and hated exercise -- unless of course it involved
punching somebody. Mrs. Dursley's favorite punching bag was Harry, but Mrs. Dursley
couldn't often catch Mrs. Dursley. Harry didn't look it, but Harry was very fast.

    Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard,
but Harry had always been small and skinny for Harry age. Harry looked
even smaller and skinnier than Harry really was because all Harry had to
wear were old clothes of Mrs. Dursley's, and Mrs. Dursley was about four times
bigger than Harry was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair,
and bright green eyes. Harry wore round glasses held together with a
lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Mrs. Dursley had punched Harry
on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about Harry own appearance
was a very thin scar on Harry forehead that was shaped like a bolt
of lightning. Harry had had it as long as Harry could remember, and the
first question Harry could ever remember asking His Aunt Petunia His Aunt Petunia was
how Harry had gotten it.

    "In the car crash when your parents died," His Aunt Petunia had said. "And
don't ask questions."

    Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life
with the Dursleys.

    Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen
 as Harry was turning over
the bacon.

    "Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.

    About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of Uncle Vernon
newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have
had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in Harry class put

    together, but it made no difference, Harry hair simply grew that
way -- all over the place.

    Harry was frying eggs by the time Mrs. Dursley arrived in the kitchen
with Mrs. Dursley . Mrs. Dursley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. Mrs. Dursley had a
large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick
blond hair that lay smoothly on Mrs. Dursley thick, fat head. His Aunt Petuniaoften said that Mrs. Dursley looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said
that Mrs. Dursley looked like a pig in a wig.

    Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was
difficult as there wasn't much room. Mrs. Dursley, meanwhile, was counting
Mrs. Dursley presents. a
large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick
blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head fell.

    "Thirty-six," Mrs. Dursley said, looking up at Mrs. Dursley mother and
father. "That's two less than last year."

    "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see,
it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy."

    "All right, thirty-seven then," said Mrs. Dursley, going red in a
large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick
blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Harry, who could see a huge Mrs. Dursley tantrum coming on, began
wolfing down Mrs. Dursley bacon as fast as possible in case Mrs. Dursley turned
the table over.

    His Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because His Aunt Petunia said
quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out
today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right''

    Mrs. Dursley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally
Mrs. Dursley said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..."

    "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said His Aunt Petunia.

    "Oh." Mrs. Dursley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest
parcel. "All right then."

    Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants Little tyke money's worth,
just like Little tyke . 'Atta boy, Mrs. Dursley!" Atta boy, Dudley!" ruffled Mrs. Dursley's hair.

    At that moment the telephone rang and His Aunt Petunia went to
answer the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Mrs. Dursley unwrap the
racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen
new computer games, and a VCR. Atta boy, Dudley!" was ripping the paper off a gold
wristwatch when His Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking
both angry and worried.

    "Bad news, Uncle Vernon," His Aunt Petunia said. "Mrs. Figg's broken Mrs. Figg leg. Mrs. Figg
can't take Atta boy, Dudley!"." Mrs. Figg jerked Mrs. Figg head in Harry's direction.

    Mrs. Dursley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a
leap. Every year on Mrs. Dursley's birthday, Mrs. Dursley parents took Mrs. Dursley and a
friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants,
or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a
mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry hated it there. The
whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made Mrs. Figg look at
photographs of all the cats Mrs. Figg'd ever owned.

    "Now what?" said His Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as
though Mrs. Figg'd planned this. Harry knew Harry ought to feel sorry that
Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when Harry reminded
Harry it would be a whole year before Harry had to look at Tibbles,
Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.

    "We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.

    "Don't be silly, Uncle Vernon, Uncle Vernon hates a large blond boy."

    the Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though Harry
wasn't there -- or rather, as though Harry was something very nasty
that couldn't understand them, like a slug.

    "What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"

    "On vacation in Majorca," snapped His Aunt Petunia.

    "You could just leave me here,Harry Harry put in hopefully (Harry'd be
able to watch what Harry wanted on television for a change and maybe
even have a go on Mrs. Dursley's computer).

    His Aunt Petunia looked as though His Aunt Petunia'd just swallowed a lemon.

    "And come back and find The
whole house smelled of cabbage in ruins?" His Aunt Petunia snarled.

    "I won't blow up The
whole house smelled of cabbage," said Harry, but The
whole house smelled of cabbage weren't
listening.

    "I suppose we could take Harry to the zoo," said His Aunt Petunia
slowly, "... and leave Harry in the car...."

    "the car's new, Harry's not sitting in the car alone...."

    Mrs. Dursley began to cry loudly. In fact, Harry wasn't really crying --
it had been years since Harry'd really cried -- but Harry knew that if Harry
screwed up Harry face and wailed, his mother would give Harry anything
Harry wanted.

    "Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let Harry spoil your
special day!" his mother cried, flinging his mother arms around Harry.

    "I... don't... want... Harry... t-t-to come!" Mrs. Dursley yelled
between huge, pretend sobs. "Mrs. Dursley always sp- spoils everything!" Mrs. Dursley
shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in Mrs. Dursley 's arms.

    Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, the doorbell rang --'re
here!" said His Aunt Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Mrs. Dursley's
best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with Dudley's
 . Piers was
a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. a scrawny boy was usually the one who
held people's arms behind people backs while Mrs. Dursley hit people. Mrs. Dursleystopped pretending to cry at once.

    Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe Mrs. Dursley luck, was
sitting in the back of the Dursleys car with Piers and Mrs. Dursley,
on the way to the zoo for the first time in Mrs. Dursley life. Mrs. Dursley aunt and
uncle hadn't been able to think of anything else to do with Mrs. Dursley,
but before His aunt and
uncle'd left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.

    "I'm warning you," Uncle Vernon had said, putting Uncle Vernon large purple face
right up close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny
business, anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from
now until Christmas."

    "I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly..

    But Uncle Vernon didn't believe Harry. No one ever did.

    The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and
it was just no good telling the Dursleys Harry didn't make the Dursleys happen.

    Once, His Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers
looking as though Harry hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen
scissors and cut Harry hair so short Harry was almost bald except for
Harry bangs, which she left "to hide that horrible scar." Mrs. Dursley had
laughed Mrs. Dursley silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining
school the next day, where Mrs. Dursley was already laughed at for Mrs. Dursley baggy
clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, Mrs. Dursley had gotten
up to find his hair exactly as his hair had been before His Aunt Petunia had
sheared his hair off Mrs. Dursley had been given a week in Mrs. Dursley cupboard for this,
even though Mrs. Dursley had tried to explain that Mrs. Dursley couldn't explain how
it had grown back so quickly.

    Another time, His Aunt Petunia had been trying to force Mrs. Dursley into a
revolting old sweater of Mrs. Dursley's (brown with orange puff balls) --
The harder His Aunt Petunia tried to pull The over Mrs. Dursley head, the smaller The seemed
to become, until finally The might have fitted a hand puppet, but
certainly wouldn't fit Harry. His Aunt Petunia had decided The must have
shrunk in the wash and, to His Aunt Petunia great relief, Harry wasn't punished.

    On the other hand, Harry'd gotten into terrible trouble for being
found on the roof of the school kitchens. Mrs. Dursley's gang had been
chasing Harry as usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as anyone
else's, there Harry was sitting on the chimney. the Dursleys had
received a very angry letter from Harry's headmistress telling them
Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all Harry'd tried to
do (as Harry shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of Uncle Vernon
cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen
doors. Harry supposed that the wind must have caught Harry in mid-
jump.

    But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being
with Mrs. Dursley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't
school, Uncle Vernon cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling living room.

    While Uncle Vernon drove, Uncle Vernon complained to His Aunt Petunia. Uncle Vernon liked
to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry,
the bank, and Harry were just a few of Uncle Vernon favorite subjects. This
morning, it was motorcycles.

    "... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," Uncle Vernon said,
as a motorcycle overtook them.

    I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering
suddenly. "It was flying.Uncle Vernon Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. Uncle Vernon turned
right around in Uncle Vernon seat and yelled at Harry, Uncle Vernon face like a
gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"

    Dudley and Piers sniggered.

    I know "

    Dudley and Piers don't," said Harry. "It was only a dream."

    But Harry wished Harry hadn't said anything. If there was one thing
the Dursleys hated even more than Harry asking questions, the Dursleys was
Harry talking about anything acting in a way the Dursleys shouldn't, no matter
if it was in a dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think Harry
might get dangerous ideas.

    It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with
families. the Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate
ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in
the van had asked Harry what Harry wanted before they could hurry Harry
away, they bought Harry a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either,
Harry thought, licking It as they watched a gorilla scratching It
head who looked remarkably like Mrs. Dursley, except that it wasn't blond.

    Harry had the best morning Harry'd had in a long time. Harry was
careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that
Mrs. Dursley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals
by lunchtime, wouldn't fall back on the animals
 favorite hobby of hitting
Harry. the animals
 ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Mrs. Dursley had a tantrum
because Mrs. Dursley knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top,
Uncle Vernon bought Mrs. Dursley another one and Harry was allowed to finish
the first.

    Harry felt, afterward, that Harry should have known it was all
too good to last.

    After lunch the animals
 went to the reptile house. the reptile house was cool and dark
in there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all
sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits
of wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous
cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. Mrs. Dursley quickly found the
largest snake in the place. the
largest snake in the place could have wrapped the
largest snake in the place body twice
around Uncle Vernon car and crushed its body into a trash can -- but at
the moment its body didn't look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.

    Mrs. Dursley stood with Mrs. Dursley nose pressed against the glass, staring
at the glistening brown coils.

    "Make it move," Mrs. Dursley whined at Mrs. Dursley father. Uncle Vernon tapped
on the glass, but the
largest snake in the place didn't budge.

    "Do the
largest snake in the place again," Mrs. Dursley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glasssmartly with Uncle Vernon knuckles, but the
largest snake in the place just snoozed on.

    "This is boring," Mrs. Dursley moaned. Mrs. Dursley shuffled away.

    Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the
largest snake in the place. Harry wouldn't have been surprised if the
largest snake in the place had died of boredom
the
largest snake in the place -- no company except stupid people drumming their fingers
on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than
having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt
Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least Harry got to
visit the rest of the reptile house.

    the
largest snake in the place suddenly opened the
largest snake in the place beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly,
the
largest snake in the place raised the
largest snake in the place head until its beady eyes were on a level with Harry's.

    the
largest snake in the place winked.

    Harry stared. Then Harry looked quickly around to see if anyone was
watching. anyone was
watching weren't. Harry looked back at the
largest snake in the place and winked, too.

    the
largest snake in the place jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then
raised its beady eyes to the ceiling. the
largest snake in the place gave Harry a look that said
quite plainly:

    "I get that all the time.

    "I know,Harry Harry murmured through the glass, though Harry wasn't
sure the
largest snake in the place could hear Harry. "It must be really annoying."

    the
largest snake in the place nodded vigorously.

    "Where do you come from, anyway?" Harry asked.

    the
largest snake in the place jabbed the
largest snake in the place tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at the glass.

    Boa Constrictor, Brazil.

    "Was it nice there?"

    The boa constrictor jabbed "

    The boa constrictor at a little sign again and
Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see --
so you've never been to Brazil?"

    As the
largest snake in the place shook the
largest snake in the place head, a deafening shout behind Harrymade both of a deafening shout behind Harry
 jump.

    "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT the
largest snake in the place! YOU WON'T
BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!"DUDLEY came waddling toward them as fast as "DUDLEY could.

    "Out of the way, you," "DUDLEY said, punching Harry in the
ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What
came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second,
Piers and Mrs. Dursley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next,
they had leapt back with howls of horror.

    Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's
tank had vanished. the
largest snake in the place was uncoiling the
largest snake in the place rapidly,
slithering out onto the concrete floor. People throughout the reptile housescreamed and started running for the exits.

    As the
largest snake in the place slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low,
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.... Thanksss, amigo."

    The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.

    "But the glass," him kept saying, "where did the glass go?"

    The zoo director himself made His Aunt Petunia a cup of strong,
sweet tea while "

    The zoo director himself apologized over and over again. Piers and
Mrs. Dursley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the
largest snake in the placehadn't done anything except snap playfully at Piers and
Dudley heels as the
largest snake in the place
passed, but by the time Piers and
Dudley were all back in Uncle Vernon car,
Mrs. Dursley was telling Piers and
Dudley how the
largest snake in the place had nearly bitten off Mrs. Dursley leg, while
Piers was swearing the
largest snake in the place had tried to squeeze Mrs. Dursley to death. But worst
of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say,
"Harry was talking to the
largest snake in the place, weren't you, Harry?"

    Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the reptile housebefore starting on Harry. Uncle Vernon was so angry Uncle Vernon could hardly speak. Uncle Vernon
managed to say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before Uncle Vernon
collapsed into a chair, and His Aunt Petunia had to run and get Uncle Vernon a
large brandy.

    Harry lay in Harry dark cupboard much later, wishing Harry had a
watch. Harry didn't know what time it was and Harry couldn't be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. Until they were, Harry couldn't risk sneaking
to the kitchen for some food.

    Harry'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable
years, as long as Harry could remember, ever since Harry'd been a baby
and Harry parents had died in that car crash. Harry couldn't remember
being in the car when his parents had died. Sometimes, when Harry
strained Harry memory during long hours in his dark cupboard, Harry came up
with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burn-
ing pain on Harry forehead. This, Harry supposed, was that car crash, though
Harry couldn't imagine where all the green light came from. Harry couldn't
remember his parents at all. Harry aunt and uncle never spoke about
His aunt and uncle, and of course Harry was forbidden to ask questions. There were
no photographs of His aunt and uncle in the reptile house.

    When Harry had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some
unknown relation coming to take Harry away, but it had never happened;
the Dursleys were Harry only family. Yet sometimes Harry thought (or maybe
hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know Harry. Very strange
strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed
to A tiny man in a violet top hat once while out shopping with His Aunt Petunia and Mrs. Dursley. After
asking Harry furiously if A tiny man in a violet top hat knew A tiny man in a violet top hat, His Aunt Petunia had rushed
them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old
woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at A tiny man in a violet top hat once on a bus. A
bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken A
bald man in a very long purple coat hand in
the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The
weirdest thing about all these people was the way all these people seemed to
vanish Harry Harry tried to get a closer look.

    At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Mrs. Dursley's gang
hated that odd Harry in Dudley's gang
 baggy old clothes and broken
glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Mrs. Dursley's gang.

    CHAPTER THREE.

    THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE.

    The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry the Brazilian boa constrictor
longest-ever punishment. By the time the Brazilian boa constrictor was allowed out of the Brazilian boa constrictor
cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Mrs. Dursley had
already broken the Brazilian boa constrictor new video camera, crashed the Brazilian boa constrictor remote control
airplane, and, first time out on the Brazilian boa constrictor racing bike, knocked down old
Mrs. Figg as old
Mrs. Figg crossed Privet Drive on old
Mrs. Figg crutches.

    Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping
Mrs. Dursley's gang, who visited the reptile house every single day. Piers, Dennis,
Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Mrs. Dursley was
the biggest and stupidest of the lot, Mrs. Dursley was the leader. The rest
of Piers, Dennis,
Malcolm, and Gordon were all quite happy to join in Mrs. Dursley's favorite sport:
Harry Hunting.

    This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the reptile house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays,
where Harry could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came Harry would
be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in Harry
life, Harry wouldn't be with Mrs. Dursley. Mrs. Dursley had been accepted at Uncle
Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going
there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High,
the local public school. Mrs. Dursley thought this was very funny.

    "They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at
Stonewall," Mrs. Dursley told Harry. "Want to come upstairs and practice?"

    "No, thanks," said Harry. "The poor toilet's never had anything
as horrible as your head down The poor toilet -- The poor toilet might be sick." Then Mrs. Dursley ran,
before Mrs. Dursley could work out what Mrs. Dursley'd said.

    One day in July, His Aunt Petunia took Mrs. Dursley to London to buy His Aunt Petunia
Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at old
Mrs. Figg's. old
Mrs. Figg wasn
't as bad as usual. It turned out old
Mrs. Figg'd broken old
Mrs. Figg leg tripping
over one of old
Mrs. Figg cats, and old
Mrs. Figg didn't seem quite as fond of her cats
as before. old
Mrs. Figg let Harry watch television and gave Harry a bit of
chocolate cake that tasted as though old
Mrs. Figg'd had it for several years.

    That evening, Mrs. Dursley paraded around the living room for the
family in Mrs. Dursley brand-new uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon
tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called
boaters. Smeltings' boys also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each
other while the teachers weren't looking. This was supposed to be
good training for later life.

    As he looked at Mrs. Dursley in he new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernonsaid gruffly that it was the proudest moment of he life. His Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said His Aunt Petunia couldn't believe it was His Aunt Petunia
Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Harry didn't
trust Harry to speak. Harry thought two of Harry ribs might already
have cracked from trying not to laugh.

    There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when
Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large
metal tub in the sink. Harry went to have a look. a large
metal tub in the sink was full of
what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.

    "What's this?" Harry asked His Aunt Petunia. His Aunt Petunia lips tightened as
they always did if Harry dared to ask a question.

    "Your new school uniform," His Aunt Petunia said.

    Harry looked in the bowl again.

    "Oh," Harry said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet."

    "DotA be stupid," snapped His Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of
Mrs. Dursley's old things gray for Harry. It'll look just like everyone
else's when I've finished."

    Harry seriously doubted this, but thought this best not to
argue. Harry sat down at the table and tried not to think about how
Harry was going to look on Harry first day at Stonewall High -- like Harry
was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.

    Mrs. Dursley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses
because of a horrible smell in the kitchen. Uncle Vernon opened
Uncle Vernon newspaper as usual and Mrs. Dursley banged Uncle Vernon Smelting stick, which
Uncle Vernon carried everywhere, on the table.

    Dudley and Uncle Vernon heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on
the doormat.

    "Get the mail, Mrs. Dursley," said Uncle Vernon from behind Uncle Vernon paper.

    "Make Harry get his paper."

    "Get the mail, Dudley."

    "Make Mrs. Dursley get his paper."

    "Poke Mrs. Dursley with your Smelting stick, Mrs. Dursley."

    Harry dodged your Smelting stick, Dudley and went to get the mail, Dudley. Three
things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon sister
Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope
that looked like a bill, and -- a letter for Harry.

    Harry picked it up and stared at it, Harry heart twanging like a
giant elastic band. No one, ever, in Harry whole life, had written to
Harry. Who would? Harry had no friends, no other relatives -- Harry didn't
belong to the library, so Harry'd never even got rude notes asking for
books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there
could be no mistake:

    Mr. H. Potter

    The Cupboard under the Stairs

    4 Privet Drive

    Little Whinging

    Surrey

    The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment,
and the address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.

    Turning The envelope over, Harry hand trembling, Harry saw a
purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger,
and a snake surrounding a large letter H.

    "Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. "What are
you doing, checking for letter bombs?" Harry chuckled at Harry own joke.

    Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at a letter. Harry
handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly
began to open The envelope.

    Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and
flipped over the postcard.

    "Marge's ill," Marge informed His Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk. --."

    "Dad!" said Mrs. Dursley suddenly. ""Dad, Harry's got something!"

    Harry was on the point of unfolding Harry letter, which was
written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when the envelope was
jerked sharply out of Harry hand by Uncle Vernon.

    "That's mine!" said Harry, trying to snatch the envelope back.

    "Who'd be writing to Harry?" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the
letter open with one hand and glancing at it. Uncle Vernon face went from
red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't
stop there. Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.

    "P-P-Petunia!" P-P-Petunia gasped.

    Mrs. Dursley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernonheld it high out of Uncle Vernon reach. His Aunt Petunia took it curiously and
read the first line. For a moment it looked as though His Aunt Petunia might
faint. His Aunt Petunia clutched His Aunt Petunia throat and made a choking noise.

    Uncle VernonUncle Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"

    They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that
Harry and Mrs. Dursley were still in the room. Mrs. Dursley wasn't used to
being ignored. Mrs. Dursley gave Mrs. Dursley father a sharp tap on the head with Mrs. Dursley
Smelting stick.

    "I want to read the letter to read it," Mrs. Dursley said loudly. want to read the letter to read it,"
said Harry furiously, "as the letter to read it's mine."

    "Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter to read it back inside the letter to read it envelope.

    Harry didn't move.

    I WANT MY LETTER!" Harry shouted.

    "Let me see it!" demanded Mrs. Dursley.

    "OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and Uncle Vernon took both Harry and Dudley by
the scruffs of Harry and Dudley necks and threw the scruffs of their necks into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind the scruffs of their necks. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious
but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Mrs. Dursley won,
so Harry, Harry glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on Harry stomach
to listen at the crack between door and floor.

    "Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look
at the address -- how could Harry and Dudley possibly know where Harry sleeps? You
don't think Harry and Dudley're watching the house?"

    "Watching -- spying -- might be following us,Uncle Vernon wildly.

    "But what should us do, Uncle Vernon? Should us write back? Tell Harry and Dudley
us don't want --"

    Harry could see Uncle Vernon shiny black shoes pacing up and
down the kitchen.

    "No," Uncle Vernon said finally. "No, us'll ignore it. If they don't get
an answer... Yes, that's best... us won't do anything....

    "But --"

    "I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't us swear when
us took Uncle Vernon in us'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?"

    That evening when Uncle Vernon got back from work, Uncle Vernon did
something Uncle Vernon'd never done before; Uncle Vernon visited Harry in Uncle Vernon cupboard.

    "Where's a letter?" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had
squeezed through the
kitchen door behind them. "Who's writing to me?"

    "No one. No one was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernonshortly. "I have burned No one."

    "It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "It had his cupboardon It."

    "SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell
from the ceiling. Uncle Vernon took a few deep breaths and then forced Uncle Vernon
face into a smile, which looked quite painful.

    "Er -- yes, Harry -- about his cupboard. Your aunt and I have
been thinking... you're really getting a bit big for it... we think
it might be nice if you moved into Mrs. Dursley's second bedroom.

    "Why?" said Harry.

    "Don't ask questions!" snapped Harry uncle. "Take this stuff
upstairs, now."

    The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernonand Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon sister,
Marge), one where Mrs. Dursley slept, and one where Mrs. Dursley kept all the
toys and things that wouldn't fit into Mrs. Dursley first bedroom. It only
took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything Harry owned from the
cupboard to this room. Harry sat down on the bed and stared around
Harry. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera
was lying on top of a small, working tank Mrs. Dursley had once driven over
the next door neighbor's dog; in the corner was Mrs. Dursley's first-ever
television set, which Mrs. Dursley'd put Mrs. Dursley foot through when Mrs. Dursley favorite
program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had
once held a parrot that Mrs. Dursley had swapped at school for a real air
rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Mrs. Dursleyhad sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. Other shelves were the only
things in the room that looked as though Other shelves'd never been touched.

    From downstairs came the sound of Mrs. Dursley bawling at Mrs. Dursley mother, I
don't want Mrs. Dursley in there... I need that room... make Mrs. Dursley get out...."

    Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday "

    Harry'd have
given anything to be up here. Today "

    Harry'd rather be back in "

    Harry
cupboard with that letter than up here without his
cupboard.

    Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Mrs. Dursley was
in shock. Mrs. Dursley'd screamed, whacked his father with Mrs. Dursley Smelting stick,
been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown Mrs. Dursley tortoise
through the greenhouse roof, and Mrs. Dursley still didn't have Mrs. Dursley room
back. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly
wishing Harry'd opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.

    When the mail, Dudley arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to
be nice to Harry, made Mrs. Dursley go and get the mail, Dudley. Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to
 heard Mrs. Dursley banging
things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then Mrs. Dursley
shouted, "There's another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom,
4 Privet Drive --'"

    With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from Uncle Vernon seat and
ran down the hall, Harry right behind Uncle Vernon. Uncle Vernon had to
wrestle Mrs. Dursley to the ground to get the letter from Uncle Vernon, which
was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernonaround the neck from behind. After a minute of confused fighting,
in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernonstraightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry's letter clutched
in Uncle Vernon hand.

    "Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," Uncle Vernon wheezed atHarryHarry. "Mrs. Dursley go -- just go."

    Harry walked round and round his room
back. Someone knew Someone had
moved out of Someone and they seemed to know Someone hadn't received
Someone first letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this time
Someone'd make sure they didn't fail. Someone had a plan.

    The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next
morning. Harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently. Harry
mustn't wake The Dursleys'. Harry stole downstairs without turning on
any of the lights.

    Harry was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet
Drive and get the letters for number four first. Harry heart hammered
as Harry crept across the dark hall toward the front door --

    Harry leapt into the air; Harry'd trodden on something big and
squashy on the doormat -- something alive!

    Lights clicked on upstairs and to Harry horror Harry realized that
the big, squashy something had been Harry uncle's face. Uncle Vernonhad been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag,
clearly making sure that Harry didn't do exactly what Harry'd been
trying to do. Harry shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then
told Harry to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably
off into the kitchen and by the time Harry got back, the mail, Dudley had
arrived, right into Uncle Vernon lap. Harry could see three
letters addressed in green ink.

    I want --" Harry began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing three
letters addressed in green inkinto pieces before Uncle Vernon eyes. Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that
day. Uncle Vernon stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.

    "See," Uncle Vernon explained to His Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails,
"if they can't deliver they they'll just give up."

    "I'm not sure that'll work, Uncle Vernon."

    "Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, His Aunt Petunia, these people's minds're
not like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail
with the piece of fruitcake His Aunt Petunia had just brought Uncle Vernon.

    On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As
no less than twelve letters couldn't go through the mail slot no less than twelve letters had been pushed under
the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through
the small window in the downstairs bathroom.

    Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the
letters, Uncle Vernon got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks
around the front and back doors so no one could go out. Uncle Vernon hummed
"Tiptoe Through the Tulips" as Uncle Vernon worked, and jumped at small noises.

    On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters
to Harry found Twenty-four letters
to Harry way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside
each of the two dozen eggs that Twenty-four letters
to Harry very confused milkman had
handed His Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle
Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the
dairy trying to find someone to complain to, His Aunt Petunia shredded
the letters in His Aunt Petunia food processor.

    "Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Mrs. Dursley asked
Harry in amazement.

    On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table
looking tired and rather ill, but happy.

    "No post on Sundays," Uncle Vernon reminded them cheerfully as Uncle Vernon spread
marmalade on Uncle Vernon newspapers, "no damn letters today --"

    Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as Uncle Vernon spoke and
caught Uncle Vernon sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or
forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The
Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one.

    "Out! OUT!"

    Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw Harry into
the hall. When His Aunt Petunia and Mrs. Dursley had run out with Aunt Petunia and Dudley arms
over Aunt Petunia and Dudley faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. Aunt Petunia and Dudley could
hear Twenty-four letters
to Harry still streaming into his room
back, bouncing off the
walls and floor.

    "That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but
pulling great tufts out of Uncle Vernon mustache at the same time. I want you
all back here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away. Just
pack some clothes. No arguments!"

    He looked so dangerous with half He mustache missing that
no one dared argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched they way
through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward
the highway. Mrs. Dursley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had
hit Mrs. Dursley round the head for holding they up while Mrs. Dursley tried to pack
Mrs. Dursley television, VCR, and computer in Mrs. Dursley sports bag.

    they drove. And they drove. His Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask
where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a
sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while. "Shake'em
off... shake 'em off," Shake'em would mutter whenever Shake'em did this.

    They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By Mrs. Dursley Mrs. Dursley was
howling. Shake'em'd never had such a bad day in Shake'em life. Shake'em was hungry,
Shake'em'd missed five television programs Shake'em'd wanted to see, and Shake'em'd
never gone so long without blowing up an alien on Shake'em computer.

    Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on
the outskirts of a big city. Mrs. Dursley and Harry shared a room with
twin beds and damp, musty sheets. Mrs. Dursley snored but Harry stayed
awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of
passing cars and wondering....

    Dudley and Harry ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast
for breakfast the next day. Dudley and Harry had just finished when the owner
of a gloomy-looking hotel on
the outskirts of a big city came over to Dudley and Harry table.

    "'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an
'undred of these at the front desk."

    The woman held up a letter so Dudley and Harry could read the green ink address:

    Mr. H. Potter

    Room 17

    Railview Hotel

    Cokeworth

    Harry made a grab for a letter but Uncle Vernon knocked Uncle Vernon
hand out of the way. The woman stared.

    "I'll take his
hand," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and
following The woman from the dining room.

    Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" His Aunt Petuniasuggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to
hear The woman. Exactly what Uncle Vernon was looking for, none of his
hand knew. Uncle Vernon
drove his
hand into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around,
shook Uncle Vernon head, got back in the car, and off his
hand went again. The
same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across
a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.

    "Daddy's gone mad, hasn't Uncle Vernon?" Mrs. Dursley asked His Aunt Petunia dully
late that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked
them all inside the car, and disappeared.

    It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dud
ley sniveled.

    "It's Monday," he told he mother. "The Great Humberto's on
tonight. I want to stay somewhere with a television. "

    Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday --
and you could usually count on Mrs. Dursley to know the days the week,
because of television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh
birthday. Of course, Harry birthdays were never exactly fun -- last
year, The Dursleys' had given Harry a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle
Uncle Vernon's old socks. Still, you weren't eleven every day.

    Uncle Vernon was back and Uncle Vernon was smiling. Uncle Vernon was also carrying
a long, thin package and didn't answer His Aunt Petunia when His Aunt Petunia asked
what Uncle Vernon'd bought.

    "Found the perfect place!" Uncle Vernon said. "Come on! Everyone out!"

    It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing
at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of
the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One
thing was certain, there was no television in there.

    "Storm forecast for tonight!" said Uncle Vernon gleefully,
clapping Uncle Vernon hands together. "And this gentleman's kindly agreed
to lend us this gentleman boat!"

    A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with
a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray
water below them.

    "I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so
all aboard!"

    It was freezing in his boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down
their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed
like hours their reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and
sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.

    The inside was horrible; The inside smelled strongly of seaweed,
the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the
fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.

    Uncle Vernon rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and
four bananas. Uncle Vernon tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just
smoked and shriveled up.

    "Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" Uncle Vernon said
cheerfully.

    Uncle Vernon was in a very good mood. Obviously Uncle Vernon thought nobody stood
a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Harryprivately agreed, though the thought didn't cheer Uncle Vernon up at all.

    As night fell, a storm blew up around them. Spray
from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce
wind rattled the filthy windows. His Aunt Petunia found a few moldy
blankets in the second room and made up a bed for Mrs. Dursley on the
moth-eaten sofa. His Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed
next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor Harry
could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.

    a storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went
on. Harry couldn't sleep. Harry shivered and turned over, trying to get
comfortable, Harry stomach rumbling with hunger. Mrs. Dursley's snores were
drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The
lighted dial of Mrs. Dursley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of
the sofa on Harry fat wrist, told Harry Harry'd be eleven in ten minutes'
time. Harry lay and watched Harry birthday tick nearer, wondering if The
Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer
was now.

    Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak outside. Harry hoped
the roof wasn't going to fall in, although Harry might be warmer if
the roof did. Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would
be so full of letters when they got back that Harry'd be able to steal
one somehow.

    Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock
like that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching
noise? Was the rock crumbling into sea?

    One minute to go and Harry'd be eleven. Thirty seconds... twenty
... ten... nine -- maybe Harry'd wake Mrs. Dursley, just to annoy Harry --
three... two... one...

    BOOM.

    The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring
at the door. Someone was outside, knocking to come in.

    CHAPTER FOUR.

    THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS.

    BOOM. they knocked again. Mrs. Dursley jerked awake. "Where's the
cannon?" Mrs. Dursley said stupidly.

    There was a crash behind they and Uncle Vernon came skidding
into his room
back. Uncle Vernon was holding a rifle in Uncle Vernon hands -- now they knew
what had been in the long, thin package Uncle Vernon had brought with they.

    "Who's there?" Uncle Vernon shouted. "I warn you -- I'm armed!"

    There was a pause. Then --

    SMASH!

    the door was hit with such force that the door swung clean off the door
hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.

    A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. A giant of a man face was
almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild,
tangled beard, but you could make out A giant of a man eyes, glinting like black
beetles under all the hair.

    A giant of a man squeezed A giant of a man way into the hut, stooping so that A giant of a man
head just brushed the ceiling. A giant of a man bent down, picked up the door,
and fitted the door easily back into the door frame. The noise of the storm
outside dropped a little. A giant of a man turned to look at them all.

    "Couldn't make them all a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been an
easy journey..."

    A giant of a man strode over to the sofa where Mrs. Dursley sat frozen with fear.

    "Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.

    Mrs. Dursley squeaked and ran to hide behind Mrs. Dursley mother, who was
crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.

    "An' here's Harry!" said A giant of a man.

    Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw
that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.

    "Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said A giant of a man. "Yeh
look a lot like yet dad, but Yeh
 got yet mom's eyes."

    Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.

    I demand that you leave at once, sit!" Yeh said. "You are breaking
and entering!"

    "Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said A giant of a man; he
reached over the back of the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear, jerked the gun out of Uncle
"

    Uncle Vernon's hands, bent the gun into a knot as easily as if the gun had been
made of rubber, and threw the gun into a corner of the room.

    Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being
trodden on.

    "Anyway -- Harry," said A giant of a man, turning Harry back on the
Dursleys, "a very happy birthday to Yeh. Got summat for Yeh
 --
I mighta sat on it at some point, but it'll taste all right."

    From an inside pocket of Yeh black overcoat Yeh pulled a slightly
squashed box. Harry opened a slightly
squashed box with trembling fingers. Inside was a
large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on
it in green icing.

    Harry looked up at A giant of a man. Harry meant to say thank you, but the
words got lost on the way to Harry mouth, and what Harry said instead was,
"Who are you?A giant of a man chuckled.

    "True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of
Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts."

    Harry held out an enormous hand and shook Harry's whole arm.

    "What about that tea then, eh?" Harry said, rubbing Harry hands
together. "I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got yeh've,
mind."

    Harry eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in
His eyes and Harry snorted. Harry bent down over the
fireplace; they couldn't see
what Harry was doing but when Harry drew back a second later, there was
a roaring fire there. a roaring fire filled the whole damp hut with flickering
light and Harry felt the warmth wash over Harry as though Harry'd sunk
into a hot bath.

    A giant of a man sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under Harry
weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of
Harry coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker,
a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid
that Harry took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the whole damp hutwas full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a
thing while A giant of a man was working, but as Harry slid the first six fat,
juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Mrs. Dursley fidgeted a
little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, "Don't touch anything Uncle Vernon gives
you, Mrs. Dursley."

    A giant of a man chuckled darkly.

    "Yet great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley,
don' worry."

    Mrs. Dursley passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry Mrs. Dursley had never
tasted anything so wonderful, but Mrs. Dursley still couldn't take Mrs. Dursley eyes
off A giant of a man. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything,
Mrs. Dursley said, "I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are."

    A giant of a man took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back
of Mrs. Dursley hand.

    "Call me Hagrid," Mrs. Dursley said, "everyone does. An' like I told yeh,
I'm Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts,
o' course.

    "Er -- no," said Harry.

    me Hagrid looked shocked.

    "Sorry,Harry Harry said quickly.

    "Sony?" barked me Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who
shrank back into the shadows. "It' s them as should be sorry! I knew
yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't
even know abou' Hogwarts, for cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder
where yet parents learned it all?"

    "All what?" asked Harry.

    "ALL WHAT?" me Hagrid thundered. "Now wait jus' one second!"

    He had leapt to He feet. In He anger He seemed to fill the whole damp hut. The
Dursleys were cowering against the wall.

    "Do you mean ter tell me," He growled at The
Dursleys, "that
this boy -- this boy! -- knows nothin' abou' -- about ANYTHING?"

    Harry thought this was going a bit far. "

    Harry had been to school,
after all, and "

    Harry marks weren't bad.

    "I know some things," "

    Harry said. "I can, you know, do math and
stuff." But me Hagrid simply waved "

    Harry hand and said, "About our world,
I mean. our world. our world. our world."

    "our world?"

    Hagrid looked as if "

    Hagrid was about to explode.

    "DURSLEY!" "

    Hagrid boomed.

    Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that
sounded like "Mimblewimble." me Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.

    "But "

    Hagrid must know about yet mom and dad," "

    Hagrid said. "I mean,
they're famous. You're famous."

    "What? My -- yet mom and dad weren't famous, were yet mom and dad?"

    "yeh don' know... yeh don' know..." me Hagrid ran me Hagrid fingers
through me Hagrid hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.

    "yeh don' know what yeh are?" yeh said finally.

    Uncle Vernon suddenly found yeh voice.

    "Stop!" the boy commanded. "Stop right there, sit! I forbid you to
tell the boy anything!"

    A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the
furious look me Hagrid now gave the boy; when me Hagrid spoke, the boy every
syllable trembled with rage.

    "You never told the boy? Never told the boy what was in the letter
the boy left for the boy? I was there! I saw the boy leave the letter
,
Dursley! An' you've kept the letter
 from the boy all these years?"

    "Kept what from me?" said Harry eagerly.

    "STOP! I FORBID YOU!" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.

    Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.

    "Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said me Hagrid. "Harry --
yet a wizard."

    There was silence inside the whole damp hut. Only the sea and the whistling
wind could be heard.

    "-- a what?" gasped Harry.

    "A wizard, o' course," said me Hagrid, sitting back down on the
sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un,
I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad
like yours, what else would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time
yeh read yer letter."

    Harry stretched out "

    Harry hand at last to take the yellowish
envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor,
Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. "

    Harry pulled out the letter
 and read:

    HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY

    Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

    (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,
Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)

    Dear Mr. Potter,

    We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed
a list of all necessary books and equipment.

    Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than
July 31. Yours sincerely,

    Minerva McGonagall,

    Deputy Headmistress

    Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and Deputy Headmistress

    Questions
couldn't decide which to ask first. After a few minutes Deputy Headmistress

    Questions stammered,
"What does it mean, they await your owl?"

    "Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said me Hagrid, clapping a
hand to me Hagrid forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse,
and from yet another pocket inside me Hagrid overcoat me Hagrid pulled an owl --
a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a
roll of parchment. With me Hagrid tongue between me Hagrid teeth me Hagrid scribbled
a note that Harry could read upside down:

    the boy,

    Given Harry the letter
.

    Taking Harry to buy Harry things tomorrow.

    Weather's horrible. Hope you're Well.

    Hagrid

    Hagrid rolled up the note, gave Hagrid

    Hagrid to the owl, which clamped
Hagrid

    Hagrid in Hagrid

    Hagrid beak, went to the door, and threw your owl out into the
storm. Then Harry came back and sat down as though this was as normal
as talking on the telephone.

    Harry realized his mouth was open and closed his mouth quickly.

    "Where was I?" said me Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon,
still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.

    "Harry's not going," Harry said.

    me Hagrid grunted.

    "I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop Harry," Harry said.

    "A what?" said Harry, interested.

    "A Muggle," said me Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like
thern. An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest
Muggles I ever laid eyes on."

    "we swore when we took Harry in we'd put a stop to that rubbish,"
said Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp that rubbish out of Harry! Wizard indeed!"

    "You knew?" said Harry. "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?"

    "Knew!" shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. "Knew! Of course we
knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what my dratted sister was? Oh,
my dratted sister got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that
school-and came home every vacation with my dratted sister pockets full of frog
spawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw my dratted sister
for what my dratted sister was -- a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no,
it was Lily this and Lily that, my mother and father were proud of having a witch
in the family!"

    my dratted sister stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It
seemed my dratted sister had been wanting to say all this for years.

    "Then my dratted sister met that Potter at school and my mother and father left and got married
and had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just
as strange, just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please,
my dratted sister went and got my dratted sister blown up and we got landed with my dratted sister!"

    Harry had gone very white. As soon as "

    Harry found "

    Harry voice "

    Harry said,
"Blown up? You told me they died in a car crash!"

    "CAR CRASH!" roared me Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that The
Dursleys scuttled back to they corner. "How could a car crash kill
Lily an' James Potter? It's an outrage! A scandal! Potter at schoolnot knowin' Harry Potter own story when every kid in our world knows Potter at school
name!" "But why? What happened?" Harry asked urgently.

    The anger faded from me Hagrid's face. Harry looked suddenly anxious.

    "I never expected this," Harry said, in a low, worried voice. "I
had no idea, when the boy told me there might be trouble gettin'
hold of yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Harry, I don' know
if I'm the right person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta --
yeh can't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin'."

    Harry threw a dirty look at The
Dursleys.

    "Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind,
I can't tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it...."

    Harry sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then
said, "It begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's
incredible yeh don't know a person called name, everyone in our world knows --"

    "Who? "

    "Well -- I don' like sayin' the name if I can help it. No
one does."

    "Why not?"

    "Gulpin' gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared. Blimey,
this is difficult. See, there was this wizard who went... bad. As
bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was..."

    Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.

    "Could you write His name down?" Harry suggested.

    "Nah -can't spell His name. All right -- Voldemort. " "

    Hagridshuddered. "Don' make me say it again. Anyway, this -- this wizard,
about twenty years ago now, started lookin' for followers. Got 'em,
too -- some were afraid, some just wanted a bit o' a bit o' power, 'cause
a bit o' was gettin' himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. Didn't
know who ter trust, didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or
witches... terrible things happened. a bit o' was takin' over. 'Course,
some stood up to a bit o' -- an' a bit o' killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the
only safe places left was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's the only
one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didn't dare try takin' the school,
not jus' then, anyway.

    "Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I
ever knew. Head boy an' girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose
the myst'ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on the myst'ry side
before... probably knew they were too close ter the boy ter want
anythin' ter do with the Dark Side.

    "Maybe a bit o' thought a bit o' could persuade they... maybe a bit o' just wanted
they outta the way. All anyone knows is, a bit o' turned up in the village
where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just
a year old. a bit o' came ter yer house an' -- an' "

    Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief
and blew "

    Hagrid nose with a sound like a foghorn.

    "Sorry," "

    Hagrid said. "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad,
an' nicer people yeh couldn't find -- anyway..."

    "You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then -- an' this is the real
myst'ry of the thing -- a bit o' tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter
make a clean job of it, I suppose, or maybe a bit o' just liked killin'
by then. But a bit o' couldn't do it. Never wondered how you got that
mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary cut. That's what yeh get
when a Powerful, evil curse touches yeh -- took care of yer mum an'
dad an' yer house, even -- but an'
dad an' yer house didn't work on you, an' that's why
yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after Harry decided ter kill 'em,
no one except you, an' an'd killed some o' the best witches an'
wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts --
an' you was only a baby, an' you lived."

    Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind. As Hagrid's
story came to a close, an saw again the blinding flash of green
light, more clearly than an had ever remembered it before -- and an
remembered something else, for the first time in an life: a high,
cold, cruel laugh.

    me Hagrid was watching an sadly.

    "Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on the boy's
orders. Brought yeh ter this lot..."

    "Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped; Harry had
almost forgotten that The
Dursleys were there. Uncle Vernon certainly
seemed to have got back Uncle Vernon courage. Uncle Vernon was glaring at me Hagrid and
Uncle Vernon fists were clenched.

    "Now, you listen here, boy," Uncle Vernon snarled, "I accept there's
something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating
wouldn't have cured -- and as for all this about your parents,
well, your parents,
 were weirdos, no denying it, and the world's better off
without your parents,
 in my opinion -- asked for all your parents,
 got, getting mixed
up with these wizarding types -- just what I expected, always knew
your parents,
'd come to a sticky end --"

    But at that moment, me Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a
battered pink umbrella from inside me Hagrid coat. Pointing this at Uncle
Vernon like a sword, me Hagrid said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning
you -- one more word... "

    In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a
bearded giant, Uncle Vernon courage failed again; Uncle Vernon flattened
Uncle Vernon against the wall and fell silent.

    "That's better," said me Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back
down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.

    Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of questions to ask.

    "But what happened to Vol--, sorry -- I mean, You-Know-Who?"

    "Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night Harry
tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest
myst'ry, see... Harry was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd Harry go?

    "Some say Harry died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if Harry had
enough human left in Harry to die. Some say Harry's still out there,
bidin' Harry time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on Harry
side came back ter ours. Some of People who was on his
side came outta kinda trances. Don~
reckon Some of 'em could've done if Harry was comin' back.

    "Most of us reckon Harry's still out there somewhere but lost Harry
powers. Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished
him, Harry. There was somethin' goin' on that night him hadn't
counted on -- I dunno what it was, no one does -- but somethin'
about you stumped him, all right."

    Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in
Harry eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt
quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How
could Him possibly be? Him'd spent Him life being clouted by Dudley,
and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if Him was really a
wizard, why hadn't he was really a
wizard been turned into warty toads every time
he was really a
wizard'd tried to lock Him in Him cupboard? If Him'd once defeated
the greatest sorcerer in our world, how come Dudley had always been
able to kick Him around like a football?

    "

    Hagrid," Him said quietly, "I think you must have made a
mistake. I don't think I can be a wizard."

    To Him surprise, me Hagrid chuckled.

    "Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared
or angry?"

    Harry looked into the fire. Now "

    Harry came to think about
it... every odd thing that had ever made "

    Harry aunt and uncle
furious with "

    Harry had happened when "

    Harry, Harry, had been upset or
angry... chased by Dudley's gang, "

    Harry had somehow found "

    Harry out
of he, Harry, reach... dreading going to school with that ridiculous
haircut, "

    Harry'd managed to make that ridiculous
haircut grow back... and the very last
time Dudley had hit "

    Harry, hadn't "

    Harry got "

    Harry revenge, without even
realizing "

    Harry was doing it? Hadn't "

    Harry set a boa constrictor on "

    Harry?

    Harry looked back at me Hagrid, smiling, and saw that me Hagrid was
positively beaming at Harry.

    "See?" said me Hagrid. "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait,
you'll be right famous at Hogwarts."

    But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.

    "Haven't I told you Uncle Vernon's not going?" Uncle Vernon hissed. "Uncle Vernon's going to
Stonewall High and Uncle Vernon'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters
and Uncle Vernon needs all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"

    "If Uncle Vernon wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop
Uncle Vernon," growled me Hagrid. "Stop Lily an' James Potter' s son goin'
Hogwarts! Yer mad. Hogwarts name's been down ever since Hogwarts was
born. Hogwarts's off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in
the world. Seven years there and Hogwarts won't know Hogwarts. Hogwarts'll be
with youngsters of Hogwarts own sort, for a change, an' Hogwarts'll be under
the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Albus Dumbled--"

    "I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC
TRICKS!" yelled Uncle Vernon.

    But Hogwarts had finally gone too far. me Hagrid seized Hogwarts umbrella and
whirled his umbrella over Hogwarts head, "NEVER," Hogwarts thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS-
DUMBLEDORE- IN- FRONT- OF- ME!"

    Hogwarts brought his umbrella -- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like
a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was
dancing on the spot with Dudley hands clasped over Dudley fat bottom,
howling in pain. When Hogwarts turned Hogwarts back on them, Harry saw a curly
pig's tail poking through a hole in Harry trousers.

    Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the
other room, Uncle Vernon cast one last terrified look at me Hagrid and slammed
the door behind Aunt Petunia and Dudley.

    me Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked me Hagrid beard.

    "Shouldn'ta lost me temper," Shouldn'ta said ruefully, "but Shouldn'ta didn't
work anyway. Meant ter turn Shouldn'ta into a pig, but I suppose Shouldn'ta was
so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do."

    Shouldn'ta cast a sideways look at Harry under Shouldn'ta bushy eyebrows.

    "Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at
Hogwarts," yeh said. "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic,
strictly speakin'. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an'
get yer letters to yeh an' stuff -- one o' the reasons I was so
keen ter take on the job

    "Why aren't you supposed to do magic?" asked Harry.

    "Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got
expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped
me wand in half an' everything. But Dumbledore's
 let me stay on as
gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore's
." "Why were you expelled?"

    "It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said
me Hagrid loudly. "Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that."

    Dumbledore's
 took off his coat and threw his coat to Harry.

    "You can kip under that," Dumbledore's
 said. "Don' mind if it wriggles a
bit, I think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets."

    CHAPTER FIVE.

    DIAGON ALLEY.

    Harry woke early the next morning. Although Harry could tell it
was daylight, Harry kept Harry eyes shut tight.

    "It was a dream, Harry told Harry firmly. "I dreamed a
giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for
wizards. When I open his eyes I'll be at home in his cupboard."

    There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.

    And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought,
Harry heart sinking. But Harry still didn't open his eyes. It had been
such a good dream.

    Tap. Tap. Tap.

    "All right," Harry mumbled, "I'm getting up."

    Harry sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off Harry. The hut was full
of sunlight, the storm was over, me Hagrid was asleep on the
collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping The hut claw on the window,
a newspaper held in The hut beak.

    Harry scrambled to Harry feet, so happy Harry felt as though a large
balloon was swelling inside Harry. Harry went straight to the window
and jerked the window
 open. an owl rapping its claw on the window swooped in and dropped the newspaper
on top of Hagrid, who didn't wake up. an owl rapping its claw on the window then fluttered onto
the floor and began to attack Hagrid's coat.

    "Don't do that."

    Harry tried to wave an owl rapping its claw on the window out of the way, but an owl rapping its claw on the window snapped its beak and carried on savaging Hagrid's coat.

    "Hagrid!" said Harry loudly. "There's an owl

    "Pay an owl

    ," Hagrid grunted into the
collapsed sofa.

    "What?"

    "an owl

     wants payin' for deliverin' the paper. Look in the
pockets." " Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets --
bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs,
teabags... finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking
coins.

    "Give Harry five Knuts," said " Hagrid sleepily.

    "Knuts?"

    "The little bronze ones."

    Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and an owl rapping its claw on the window held
out "

    Harry leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch
tied to the money. Then Harry flew off through the open window.

    me Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.

    "Best be Off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London
an' buy all yer stuff for school."

    Harry was turning over five little bronze coins and looking at five little bronze coins. Harry
had just thought of something that made Harry feel as though the
happy balloon inside Harry had got a puncture.

    "Um -- Hagrid?"

    "Mm?" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.

    "I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last
night ... Uncle Vernon won't pay for me to go and learn magic."

    "Don't worry about that," said me Hagrid, standing up and scratching
me Hagrid head. "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?"

    "But if yer parents house was destroyed --"

    "They didn' keep yer parents gold in their house, boy! Nah, first stop
fer us is Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have a sausage, they're not
bad cold -- an' I wouldn' say no teh a bit o' yer birthday cake,
neither."

    "Wizards have banks?"

    "Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins."

    Harry dropped the bit of sausage "

    Harry was holding.

    "Goblins?"

    "Yeah -- so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yehthat. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is the safest place
in our world for anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe
Hogwarts. As a matter o' fact, I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Dumbledore's
. Hogwarts business." me Hagrid drew me Hagrid up proudly. "me Hagrid
usually gets me ter do important stuff for me Hagrid. Fetchin' you gettin'
things from Gringotts -- knows Fetchin' you gettin'
things from Gringotts -- can trust me, see.

    "Got everythin'? Come on, then."

    Harry followed me Hagrid out onto the rock. The sky was quite
clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. Uncle Vernonhad hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after
the storm.

    "How did you get here?" Harry asked, looking around for another
boat. "Flew," said me Hagrid.

    "Flew?"

    "Yeah -- but we'll go back in this. Not s'pposed ter use magic
now I've got yeh."

    They settled down in another
boat, Harry still staring at me Hagrid,
trying to imagine Harry flying.

    "Seems a shame ter row, though," said me Hagrid, giving "

    Harryanother of "

    Harry sideways looks. "If I was ter -- er -- speed things
up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?"

    "Of course not," said Harry, eager to see more magic. me Hagridpulled out his umbrella again, tapped his umbrella twice on the side of
the boat, and his umbrella sped off toward land.

    "Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?Harry Harry asked.

    "Spells -- enchantments," said me Hagrid, unfolding me Hagrid newspaper
as me Hagrid spoke. "They say there's dragons guardin' the highsecurity
vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds
of miles under London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die
of hunger tryin' ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer
hands on summat."

    Harry sat and thought about this while me Hagrid read Harry
newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Uncle Vernonthat people liked to be left alone while people did this, but it was
very difficult, Harry'd never had so many questions in Harry life.

    "Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," me Hagrid muttered,
turning the page.

    "There's a Ministry of Magic?" Harry asked, before Harry could
stop Harry.

    "'Course," said me Hagrid. "They wanted Dumbledore for Minister,
0 ' course, but Minister'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge
got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So Minister pelts Dumbledore's

with owls every morning, askin' for advice."

    "But what does a Ministry of Magic Magic do?"

    "Well, They main job is to keep it from the Muggles that
there's still witches an' wizards up an' down the country."

    "Why?"

    "Why? Blimey, Harry, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to
Blimey, Harry problems. Nah, we're best left alone."

    At this moment another
boat bumped gently into the harbor
wall. me Hagrid folded up me Hagrid newspaper, and they clambered up the
stone steps onto the street.

    Passersby stared a lot at me Hagrid as Passersby walked through the
little town to the station. Harry couldn't blame Passersby. Not only was
me Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, Harry kept pointing at perfectly
ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, "See that,
Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?"

    "Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as Harry ran to keep up,
"did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?"

    "Well, so they say," said me Hagrid. "Crikey, I'd like a dragon."

    "You'd like one?"

    "Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go."

    they had reached the station. There was a train to London in
five minutes' time. Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as
he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy they tickets.

    People stared more than ever on a train to London. me Hagrid took up two
seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.

    "Still got yer letter, Harry?" Harry asked as Harry counted
stitches. Harry took the parchment envelope out of Harry pocket.

    "Good," said me Hagrid. "There's a list there of everything
yeh need."

    Harry unfolded a second piece of paper Harry hadn't noticed the
night before, and read:

    HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY

    UNIFORM

    First-year students will require:

    1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)

    2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear

    3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)

    4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)

    Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags

    COURSE BOOKS

    All students should have a copy of each of the following:

    The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk

    A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot

    Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling

    A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch

    One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore

    Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger

    Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander

    The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble

    OTHER EQUIPMENT

    wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set

    glass or crystal phials

    telescope set

    brass scales

    Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad

    PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR
OWN BROOMSTICKS

    "Can we buy all this in London?" Harry wondered aloud.

    "If yeh know where to go," said me Hagrid.

    Harry had never been to London before. Although me Hagrid seemed
to know where Harry was going, Harry was obviously not used to getting
there in an ordinary way. Harry got stuck in the ticket barrier on the
Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small
and the trains too slow.

    "I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," Harry said
as the Muggles climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling
road lined with shops.

    me Hagrid was so huge that me Hagrid parted the crowd easily; Harry Harry had
to do was keep close behind me Hagrid. the crowd passed book shops and music
stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked
as if that could sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary
street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of
wizard gold buried miles beneath them? Were there really shops
that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might this not all be some
huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Harry hadn't known
that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, Harry might have thought so;
yet somehow, even though everything me Hagrid had told Harry so far was
unbelievable, Harry couldn't help trusting Harry.

    "This is it," said me Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky
Cauldron. It's a famous place."

    It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. me Hagrid me Hagrid hadn't pointed me Hagrid
out, Harry wouldn't have noticed me Hagrid was there. The people hurrying
by didn't glance at me Hagrid. The people hurrying
 eyes slid from the big book shop on
one side to the record shop on the other as if The people hurrying
 couldn't see the
Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling
that only Harry and me Hagrid could see it. Before Harry could mention this,
me Hagrid had steered Harry inside.

    For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women
were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One
of A few old women
 was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was
talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a
toothless walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a
toothless walnut walked
in. Everyone seemed to know me Hagrid; Everyone waved and smiled at me Hagrid,
and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, "The usual, me Hagrid?"

    "Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said me Hagrid, clapping
Tom great hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.

    "Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Harry, "is this --
can this be --?"

    The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.

    "Bless my soul," whispered the bartender, "Harry
Potter... what an honor."

    Tom hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and
seized Tom hand, tears in Tom eyes.

    "Welcome back, "Harry
Potter..., welcome back."

    Harry didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at Harry. The
old woman with a long pipe was puffing on The
old woman with the pipe without realizing The
old woman with the pipe had
gone out. me Hagrid was beaming.

    Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment,
Harry found Harry shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky
Cauldron.

    "Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you
at last."

    "So proud, "Harry
Potter..., I'm just so proud."

    "Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter."

    "Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can't tell you, Diggle's the name,
Dedalus Diggle."

    "I've seen you before!" said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle's top
hat fell off in Harry excitement. "You bowed to Harry once in a shop."

    "Harry remembers!" cried Dedalus Diggle's, looking around at
everyone. "Did you hear that? Harry remembers me!" Harry shook hands
again and again -- Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.

    A pale young man made A pale young man way forward, very nervously. One of
A pale young man was twitching.

    "Professor Quirrell!" said me Hagrid. "Harry, Professor Quirrellwill be one of your teachers at Hogwarts."

    "P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry's
hand, "c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you."

    "What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?"

    "D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor
Quirrell, as though Professor
Quirrell'd rather not think about it. "N-not that
you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?" Professor
Quirrell laughed nervously. "You'll be
g-getting all your equipment, I suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up
a new b-book on vampires, m-myself." Professor
Quirrell looked terrified at the
very thought.

    But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to
Professor Quirrell. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At
last, me Hagrid managed to make me Hagrid heard over the babble.

    "Must get on -- lots ter buy. Come on, Harry."

    Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and me Hagridled them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard,
where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.

    me Hagrid grinned at Harry.

    "Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Professor Quirrell was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, yeh's usually
tremblin'."

    "Is yeh always that nervous?"

    "Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. yeh was fine while yeh was

    studyin' outta books but then yeh took a year off ter get some
firsthand experience.... They say yeh met vampires in the Black
Forest, and there was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never
been the same since. Scared of the students, scared of yeh own
subject now, where's me umbrella?"

    Vampires? Hags? Harry's head was swimming. me Hagrid, meanwhile,
was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.

    "Three up... two across yeh muttered. "Right, stand back, Harry."

    yeh tapped the wall above the trash can three times with the point of yeh umbrella.

    The brick yeh had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the
middle, a small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second
later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an
archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.

    "Welcome," said me Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley."

    yeh grinned at Harry's amazement. they stepped through the
archway. Harry looked quickly over Harry shoulder and saw the
archwayshrink instantly back into solid wall.

    The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the
nearest shop. Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver
-- Self-Stirring -- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.

    "Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said me Hagrid, "but we gotta get
yer money first."

    Harry wished Harry had about eight more eyes. Harry turned Harry head
in every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at
everything at once: the shops, the things outside they, the people
doing the people
 shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was
shaking A plump woman outside an Apothecary as the people
 passed, saying, "Dragon liver, seventeen
Sickles an ounce, the people
're mad...."

    A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign
saying Eeylops Owl Emporium -- Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and
Snowy. Several boys of about Harry's age had Several boys of about Harry's age noses pressed
against a window with broomsticks in it. "Look," Harry heard
one of Several boys of about Harry's age say, "the new Nimbus Two Thousand -- fastest ever --"
There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange
silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with
barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes, tottering piles of spell
books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of
the moon....

    "Gringotts," said me Hagrid.

    They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the
other little shops. Standing beside a snowy white building that towered over the
other little shops burnished bronze doors,
wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was -

    "Yeah, that's a goblin," said me Hagrid quietly as They walked
up the white stone steps toward me Hagrid. a goblin was about a head
shorter than Harry. a goblin had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard
and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet. a goblin bowed as They
walked inside. Now They were facing a second pair of doors, silver
this time, with words engraved upon They:

    Enter, stranger, but take heed

    Of what awaits the sin of greed,

    For those who take, but do not earn,

    Must pay most dearly in what awaits the sin of greed,

    For those who take, but do not earn turn.

    So if you seek beneath our floors

    A treasure that was never yours,

    Thief, you have been warned, beware

    Of finding more than treasure there.

    "Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said me Hagrid.

    A pair of goblins bowed A pair of goblins through its burnished bronze doors and A pair of goblinswere in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting
on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers,
weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through
eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off a vast marble hall,
and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of more goblins. Hagrid
and Harry made for a long counter.

    "Morning," said me Hagrid to a free goblin. "our've come ter take
some money outta "Harry
Potter...'s safe."

    "You have "Harry
Potter... key, "Harry
Potter...?"

    "Got it here somewhere," said me Hagrid, and me Hagrid started emptying
me Hagrid pockets onto a long counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog
biscuits over a free goblin's book of numbers. a free goblin wrinkled
a free goblin nose. Harry watched a free goblin on their right weighing a pile
of rubies as big as glowing coals.

    "Got it," said me Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.

    a free goblin looked at a free goblin closely.

    "That seems to be in order."

    "An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,"
said me Hagrid importantly, throwing out me Hagrid chest. "It's about the
YouKnow-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen."

    The goblin read a letter here from Professor Dumbledore carefully.

    "Very well," me Hagrid said, handing a letter here from Professor Dumbledore back to me Hagrid, "I will have
Someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!"

    Griphook was yet another goblin. Once me Hagrid had crammed all
the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, Hagrid
and Harry followed
"

    Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.

    "What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and
thirteen?" Harry asked.

    "Can't tell yeh that," said me Hagrid mysteriously. "Very
secret. Hogwarts business. Professor Dumbledore's trusted me. More'n my job's
worth ter tell yeh that."

    Griphook held the door open for Hogwarts business. Harry, who had expected
more marble, was surprised. Harry, who had expected
more marble were in a narrow stone passageway
lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downward and there were
little railway tracks on the floor. "

    Griphook whistled and a small
cart came hurtling up little railway tracks on the floor toward Harry, who had expected
more marble. Harry, who had expected
more marble climbed in --
Hagrid with some difficulty -- and were off.

    At first Harry, who had expected
more marble just hurtled through a maze of twisting
passages. Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle
fork, right, left, but it was impossible. a small
cart seemed
to know a small
cart own way, because "

    Griphook wasn't steering.

    Harry's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but Harry kept
them wide open. Once, Harry thought Harry saw a burst of fire at the end
of a passage and twisted around to see if a burst of fire was a dragon, but too
late - - they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where
huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.

    I never know,Harry Harry called to me Hagrid over the noise of a small
cart,
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?"

    "Stalagmite's got an 'm' in Stalagmite," said me Hagrid. "An' don' ask me
questions just now, I think I'm gonna be sick."

    Harry did look very green, and when a small
cart stopped at last beside
a small door in the passage wall, me Hagrid got out and had to lean
against the passage wall to stop Harry knees from trembling.

    "

    Griphook unlocked a small door in the passage wall. A lot of green smoke came billowing
out, and as A lot of green smoke cleared, Harry gasped. Inside were mounds of gold
coins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts.

    "All yours," smiled me Hagrid.

    HarryHarry's -- it was incredible. The Dursleys couldn't
have known about this or they'd have had The Dursleys from The Dursleys faster than
blinking. How often had they complained how much Harry cost they
to keep? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging
to The Dursleys, buried deep under London.

    me Hagrid helped Harry pile some of me Hagrid into a bag.

    "The gold ones are Galleons," The Dursleys explained. "Seventeen silver
Sickles to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy
enough. Right, that should be enough for a couple o' terms, we'll
keep the rest safe for yeh." yeh turned to "

    Griphook. "Vault seven
hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?"

    "One speed only," said "

    Griphook.

    They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air
became colder and colder as They hurtled round tight corners. They
went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over
the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but me Hagridgroaned and pulled Harry back by the scruff of Harry neck.

    Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.

    "Stand back," said "

    Griphook importantly. Harry stroked a small door in the passage wallgently with one of Harry long fingers and a small door in the passage wall simply melted away.

    "If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, anyone but a Gringotts goblin'd be sucked
through a small door in the passage wall and trapped in there," said "

    Griphook.

    "How often do you check to see if anyone's inside?" Harry asked.

    "About once every ten years," said "

    Griphook with a rather
nasty grin.

    Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security
vault, Harry was sure, and Harry leaned forward eagerly, expecting to
see fabulous jewels at the very least -- but at first Harry thought
it was empty. Then Harry noticed a grubby little package wrapped up
in brown paper lying on the floor. me Hagrid picked a grubby little package wrapped up
in brown paper lying on the floor up and tucked
a grubby little package wrapped up
in brown paper lying on the floor deep inside me Hagrid coat. Harry longed to know what a grubby little package wrapped up
in brown paper lying on the floor was, but knew
better than to ask.

    "Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to Harry on
the way back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said me Hagrid.

    One wild cart ride later One wild cart stood blinking in the sunlight
outside Gringotts. Harry didn't know where to run first now that Harryhad a bag full of money. Harry didn't have to know how many Galleons
there were to a pound to know that Harry was holding more money than
Harry'd had in Harry whole life -- more money than even Dudley had
ever had.

    "Might as well get yer uniform," said me Hagrid, nodding toward
Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. "Listen, Harry, would yeh
mind if I slipped off for a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I
hate I slipped off for a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron Gringotts carts." Harry did still look a bit sick, so Harryentered Madam Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.

    Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.

    "Hogwarts, clear?" Madam Malkin said, when Harry started to speak. "Got
the lot here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in
fact. "

    In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was
standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up a second witch long black
robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to Madam Malkin) slipped a
long robe over Madam Malkin head, and began to pin a
long robe over his head to the right length.

    "Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?"

    "Yes," said Harry.

    "Father's next door buying my books and mother's up the
street looking at wands," said a boy with a pale, pointed face. a boy with a pale, pointed face had a bored, drawling
voice. "Then I'm going to drag a bored, drawling
voice off to took at racing brooms. I
don't see why first years can't have a bored, drawling
voice own. I think I'll bully
father into getting me one and I'll smuggle it in somehow."

    Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.

    "Have you got your own broom?" a boy with a pale, pointed face went on.

    "No," said Harry.

    "Play Quidditch at all?"

    "No," Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch
could be.

    "I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for
my house, and I must say, I agree. Know my house you'll be in yet?"

    "No," said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.

    "Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I
know I'll be in Slytherin, all they family have been -- imagine being
in Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" "Mmm," said Harry,
wishing Harry could say something a bit more interesting.

    "I say, look at Harry!" said a boy with a pale, pointed face suddenly, nodding toward
the front window. me Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and
pointing at two large ice creams to show me Hagrid couldn't come in.

    "That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something a boy with a pale, pointed facedidn't. "me Hagrid works at Hogwarts."

    "Oh," said a boy with a pale, pointed face, "I've heard of a boy with a pale, pointed face. a boy with a pale, pointed face's a sort of servant,
isn't a boy with a pale, pointed face?"

    "a boy with a pale, pointed face's the gamekeeper," said Harry. a boy with a pale, pointed face was liking a boy with a pale, pointed face less
and less every second.

    "Yes, exactly. I heard a boy with a pale, pointed face's a sort of savage -- lives in a
hut on the school grounds and every now and then a boy with a pale, pointed face gets drunk,
tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to a boy with a pale, pointed face bed."

    "I think a boy with a pale, pointed face's brilliant," said Harry coldly.

    "Do you?" said a boy with a pale, pointed face, with a slight sneer. "Why is a boy with a pale, pointed face with
you? Where are your parents?"

    "your parents're dead," said Harry shortly. a boy with a pale, pointed face didn't feel much like
going into the matter with a boy with a pale, pointed face.

    "Oh, sorry," said the other,. not sounding sorry at all. "But
your parents were our kind, weren't your parents?"

    "your parents were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean."

    "I really don't think your parents should let the other sort in, do
you? your parents're just not the same, your parents've never been brought up to
know our ways. Some of your parents have never even heard of Hogwarts until
Some of them get the letter, imagine. I think Some of them should keep the letter in the
old wizarding families. What's your surname, anyway?"

    But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you
done, my dear," and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking
to a boy with a pale, pointed face, hopped down from the footstool.

    "Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said a boy with a pale, pointed face.

    Harry was rather quiet as Harry ate the ice cream me Hagrid had bought
Harry (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).

    "What's up?" said me Hagrid.

    "Nothing,Harry Harry lied. "Nothing," Harry lied stopped to buy parchment and
quills. Harry cheered up a bit when Harry found a bottle of ink that
changed color as you wrote. When "Nothing," Harry lied had left the shop, Harry said,
"Hagrid, what's Quidditch?"

    "Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not
knowin' about Quidditch!"

    "Don't make me feel worse," said Harry. Harry told me Hagrid about
the pate boy in Madam Malkin.

    "--and --and said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be
allowed in."

    "Yer not from a Muggle family. If "Yer not from a Muggle family'd known who yeh were
-- "Yer not from a Muggle family's grown up knowin' yer name if "Yer not from a Muggle family parents are wizardin'
folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when
everyone in the Leaky Cauldron saw yeh. Anyway, what does "Yer not from a Muggle family know about it, some o' the best
I ever saw were the only ones with magic in some o' in a long line 0'
Muggles -- look at yer mum! Look what Muggles -- had for a sister!"

    "So what is Quidditch?"

    "It's our sport. Wizard sport. It's like -- like soccer in the
Muggle world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air
on broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain
the rules." "And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?"

    "School houses. There's four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a
lot o' duffers, but --"

    "I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.

    "Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said me Hagrid darkly. "There's
not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in
Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one."

    "Vol-, sorry - You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?"

    "Years an' years ago," said me Hagrid.

    They bought Harry's school books in a shop called Flourish
and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with
books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the
size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar
symbols and a few books with nothing in postage stamps at all. Even Dudley,
who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on
some of these. me Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and
Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with
the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue- Tying and Much,
Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.

    "I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley."

    "I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use
magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances,"
said me Hagrid. "An' anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet,
yeh'll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level."

    Hagrid wouldn't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either
(""

    Hagrid says pewter on yer list"), but "

    Hagrid got a nice set of
scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass
telescope. Then "

    Hagrid visited the Apothecary, which was fascinating
enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs
and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor;
jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls;
bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from
the ceiling. While me Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and
minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).

    Outside the Apothecary, me Hagrid checked Harry's list again.

    "Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a
birthday present."

    Harry felt "

    Harry go red.

    "You don't have to --"

    "I know I don't have to. Tell "

    Harry what, I'll get yer animal. Not
a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh'd be laughed at - an'
I don' like cats, toads make me sneeze. I'll get yer an owl. All the
kids want owls, All the
kids're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'."

    Twenty minutes later, All the
kids left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which
had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright
eyes. Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy
owl, fast asleep with "

    Harry head under "

    Harry wing. Harry couldn't stop
stammering Harry thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.

    "Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly. ""Don' expect you've had
a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now -
only place for wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand."

    A magic wand... this was what Harry had been really looking
forward to.

    The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over
the door read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C. A
single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.

    A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of The last shop as A tinkling bellstepped inside. It was a tiny place, empty except for a single,
spindly chair that me Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as
though Harry had entered a very strict library; Harry swallowed a lot
of new questions that had just occurred to Harry and looked instead
at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the
ceiling. For some reason, the back of Harry neck prickled. The very
dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.

    "Good afternoon," said a soft voice. Harry jumped. me Hagrid must
have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and me Hagridgot quickly off the spindly chair.

    An old man was standing before them, An old man wide, pale eyes shining
like moons through the gloom of The last shop.

    "Hello," said Harry awkwardly.

    "Ah yes," said An old man. "Yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing
you soon. Harry Potter." It wasn't a question. "You have your
mother's eyes. It seems only yesterday your
mother was in here your
mother,
buying your
mother first wand. Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy,
made of willow. Nice wand for charm work."

    Mr. Ollivander moved closer to Harry. Harry wished Mr. Ollivander would
blink. his wide, pale eyes shining
like moons through the gloom of the shop were a bit creepy.

    "Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany
wand. Eleven inches. Pliable. A little more power and excellent for
transfiguration. Well, I say Your father favored it -- it's really
the wand that chooses the wizard, of course."

    Mr. Ollivander had come so close that Mr. Ollivander and Harry were almost
nose to nose. Harry could see Harry reflected in his wide, pale eyes shining
like moons through the gloom of the shop.

    "And that's where...Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry's forehead
with a long, white finger.

    "I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," Harry said
softly. "Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very
powerful, and in the wrong hands... well, if I'd known what that
wand was going out into the world to do...."

    Yew shook Yew head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted me Hagrid.

    "Rubeus! me Hagrid! How nice to see you again.... Oak,
sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it?"

    "It was, sir, yes," said me Hagrid.

    "Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half
when you got expelled?" said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.

    "Er -- yes, they did, yes," said me Hagrid, shuffling me Hagrid
feet. "I've still got the pieces, though," Yew added brightly.

    "But you don't use the pieces?" said Mr. Ollivander sharply.

    "Oh, no, sit," said me Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed Harry gripped
Harry pink umbrella very tightly as Harry spoke.

    "Hmmm," said Mr. Ollivander, giving me Hagrid a piercing
look. "Well, now -- Mr. Potter. Let me see." Harry pulled a long tape
measure with silver markings out of Harry pocket. "Which is your
wand arm?"

    "Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Harry.

    "Hold out your
wand arm. That's it." Harry measured Harry from shoulder
to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit
and round his head. As Harry measured, Harry said, "Every Ollivander
wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We
use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings
of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two
unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course,
you will never get such good results with another wizard's wand."

    Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which
was measuring between Harry nostrils, was doing this on "

    Harry
own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down
boxes.

    "That will do," Mr. Ollivander said, and a long tape
measure. "Right then, Mr. Potter. Try a long tape
measure. Beechwood
and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. just take
it and give it a wave."

    Harry took that
wand and (feeling foolish) waved that
wand around a bit,
but Mr. Ollivander snatched that
wand out of Mr. Ollivander hand almost at once.

    "Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inches. Quite whippy. Try --"

    Harry tried -- but "

    Harry had hardly raised that
wand when that
wand, too,
was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.

    "No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches,
springy. Go on, go on, try it out."

    Harry tried. And tried. "

    Harry had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was
waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher
on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from
the shelves, the happier Mr. Ollivander seemed to become.

    "Tricky customer, eh? Not to worry, we'll find the perfect
match here somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual
combination -- holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice
and supple."

    Harry took that
wand. Mr. Ollivander felt a sudden warmth in Mr. Ollivander fingers. Mr. Ollivander
raised that
wand above Mr. Ollivander head, brought that
wand swishing down through the
dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like
a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid
whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, "Oh, bravo! Yes,
indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well... how curious... how very
curious... "

    He put Harry's wand back into Harry's wand box and wrapped its box in brown
paper, still muttering, "Curious... curious..

    "Sorry," said Harry, "but what's curious?"

    Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with Mr. Ollivander pale stare.

    "I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single
wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your
wand, gave another feather -- just one other. It is very curious
indeed that you should be destined for Harry's wand when Harry's wand brother
why, Harry's wand brother gave you that scar."

    Harry swallowed.

    "Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these
things happen. Harry's wand chooses the wizard, remember.... I think
we must expect great things from you, Harry Potter.... After all, He-
Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things -- terrible, yes, but great."

    Harry shivered. Yew wasn't sure Yew liked Mr. Ollivander too
much. Yew paid seven gold Galleons for Yew , and Mr. Ollivanderbowed seven gold Galleons from Mr. Ollivander shop.

    The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid
made Harry and Hagrid
 way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back
through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Harry didn't speak at all
as they walked down the road; Harry didn't even notice how much people
were gawking at people
 on the Underground, laden as people
 were with all
people
 funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in all
 cage on
Harry's lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; "

    Harryonly realized where people
 were when Hagrid
 tapped "

    Harry on the shoulder.

    "Got time for a bite to eat before yer train leaves," "

    Harry said.

    "

    Harry bought Harry a hamburger and people
 sat down on plastic seats
to eat people
. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked so strange,
somehow.

    "You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet," said Hagrid
.

    Harry wasn't sure Harry could explain. Harry'd just had the best
birthday of Harry life -- and yet -- Harry chewed a hamburger, trying
to find the words.

    "Everyone thinks I'm special," Harry said at last. "All those people
in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander... but I
don't know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great
things? I'm famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for. I
don't know what happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my
parents died.Hagrid
 leaned across the table. Behind the wild beard and
eyebrows Harry wore a very kind smile.

    "Don' you worry, Harry. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone
starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine. just
be yerself. I know it's hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' that's
always hard. But Yeh've have a great time at Hogwarts -- I did --
still do, 'smatter of fact.Hagrid
 helped Harry on to the train that would take Harry back
to Dursleys, then handed Harry an envelope.

    "Yer ticket for Hogwarts, " Harry said. "First o' September --
King's Cross -- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with Dursleys, send me a letter with yer owl, she'll know where to find
me.... See yeh soon, Harry."

    the train that would take him back
to the Dursleys pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to watch
Hagrid
 until Harry was out of sight; Harry rose in Harry seat and pressed
Harry nose against the window, but Harry blinked and Hagrid
 had gone.

    CHAPTER SIX.

    THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS.

    Harry's last month with Dursleys wasn't fun. True, Dudley was
now so scared of Harry Dudley wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt
Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in Dudley cupboard, force
Dudley to do anything, or shout at Dudley -- in fact, they didn't speak to
Dudley at all. Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any
chair with Harry in it were empty. Although this was an improvement
in many ways, this did become a bit depressing after a while.

    Harry kept to the same room, with Harry new owl for company. Harry had
decided to call her Hedwig, a name Harry had found in A History of
Magic. Harry school books were very interesting. Harry lay on Harry bed
reading late into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the
open window as Hedwig pleased. It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't
come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead
mice. Every night before Harry went to sleep, Harry ticked off another
day on the piece of paper Harry had pinned to the wall, counting down
to September the first.

    On the last day of August Harry thought Harry'd better speak to Harry
aunt and uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day,
so Harry went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz
show on television. Harry cleared Harry throat to let they know Harry was
there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the living room where they were watching a quiz
show on television.

    "Er -- Uncle Vernon?"

    Uncle Vernon grunted to show Uncle Vernon was listening.

    "Er -- I need to be at King's Cross tomorrow to -- to go to
Hogwarts."

    Uncle Vernon grunted again.

    "Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?"

    Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes.

    "Thank you."

    Harry was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually
spoke.

    "Funny way to get to a wizards' school, the train. Magic carpets
all got punctures, have Magic carpets
all?"

    Harry didn't say anything.

    "Where is this school, anyway?"

    "I don't know," said Harry, realizing this for the first time. Harry
pulled Hagrid
 had given Harry out of his pocket.

    "I just take the train that would take him back
to the Dursleys from platform nine and three-quarters
at eleven o'clock," Harry read.

    Harry aunt and uncle stared.

    "Platform what?"

    "Nine and three-quarters."

    "Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon. "There is no platform
nine and three-quarters."

    "It's on my ticket."

    "Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of
them. You'll see. You just wait. All right, we'll take you toKing's CrossKing's Cross. we're going up to London tomorrow anyway, or I
wouldn't bother."

    "Why are you going to London?" Harry asked, trying to keep
things friendly.

    "Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon. "Got to
have that ruddy tail removed before Uncle Vernon goes to Smeltings."

    Harry woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited
and nervous to go back to sleep. "

    Harry got up and pulled on "

    Harry jeans
because "

    Harry didn't want to walk into the station in "

    Harry wizard's
robes -- "

    Harry'd change on the train that would take him back
to the Dursleys. "

    Harry checked "

    Harry Hogwarts list yet
again to make sure "

    Harry had everything "

    Harry needed, saw that Hedwig was
shut safely in Hedwig cage, and then paced the room, waiting for Dursleys to get up. Two hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had
been loaded into Dursleys car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudleyinto sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.

    they reached King's Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernondumped Harry's trunk onto a cart and wheeled a cart into the stationfor Uncle Vernon. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernonstopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on Harry face.

    "Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine -- platform ten. Your
platform should be somewhere in the middle, but Your
platform don't seem to
have built Your
platform yet, do Your
platform?"

    He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number
nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one
next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all.

    "Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier
smile. Uncle Vernon left without another word. Harry turned and saw Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harry's mouth
went rather dry. What on earth was Uncle Vernon going to do? Uncle Vernon was starting
to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. Uncle Vernon'd have to
ask someone.

    Uncle Vernon stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform
nine and three-quarters. a passing guard had never heard of Hogwarts and
when Harry couldn't even tell Uncle Vernon what part of the country it was
in, Uncle Vernon started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on
purpose. Getting desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at
eleven o'clock, but a passing guard said there wasn't one. In the end
a passing guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. Harry was
now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over
the arrivals board, Harry had ten minutes left to get on the train that would take him back
to the Dursleys to
Hogwarts and Harry had no idea how to do it; Harry was stranded in the
middle of a station with a trunk Harry could hardly lift, a pocket
full of wizard money, and a large owl.

    Hagrid
 must have forgotten to tell Harry something you had to do,
like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley. Harry
wondered if Harry should get out Harry's wand and start tapping the ticket
inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten.

    At that moment a group of people passed just behind Harry and Harry
caught a few words of what a group of people were saying.

    "-- packed with Muggles, of course --"

    Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair. Each of a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair was pushing
a trunk like Harry's in front of Harry -- and a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair had an owl.

    Heart hammering, Harry pushed Harry cart after a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair. a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair stopped
and so did Harry, just near enough to hear what a plump woman who was talking
to four boys, all with flaming red hair were saying.

    "Now, what's the platform number?" said the boys' mother.

    "Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small girl, also red-headed,
who was holding the boys' mother hand, "Mom, can't I go... "

    "You're not old enough, the boys' mother, now be quiet. All right, Percy,
you go first."

    What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine
and ten. Harry watched, careful not to blink in case Harry missed case
-- but just as the oldest boy reached the dividing barrier between the
two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front
of Harry and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the oldest boyhad vanished.

    "Fred, you next," the plump woman said.

    "I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the oldest boy. "Honestly, woman,
you call Honestly, woman our mother? CarA you tell I'm George?"

    "Sorry, George, dear."

    "Only joking, I am Fred," said the oldest boy, and off the oldest boy went. the oldest boy
twin called after the oldest boy to hurry up, and the oldest boy must have done so,
because a second later, the oldest boy had gone -- but how had the oldest boy done His
twin?

    Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier
the third brother was almost there -- and then, quite suddenly, the third brother wasn't anywhere.

    There was nothing else for His
twin.

    "Excuse me," Harry said to the plump woman.

    "Hello, dear," the plump woman said. "First time at Hogwarts? Ron's new,
too."

    the plump woman pointed at the last and youngest of the plump woman sons. the third brother was tall,
thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a
long nose.

    "Yes," said Harry. "The thing is -- The thing is, I don't know
how to --"

    "How to get onto the platform?" the plump woman said kindly, and "

    Harrynodded.

    "Not to worry," the plump woman said. "All you have to do is walk straight
at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Don't stop and don't
be scared you'll crash into it, that's very important. Best do it
at a bit of a run if you're nervous. Go on, go now before Ron."

    "Er -- okay," said Harry.

    Ron pushed Ron trolley around and stared at the barrier
. It
looked very solid.

    Ron started to walk toward It. People jostled Ron on People way
to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked more quickly. Ron was going
to smash right into the barrier
 and then Ron'd be in trouble --
leaning forward on Ron cart, Ron broke into a heavy run -- the barrier
 was coming nearer and nearer -- Ron wouldn't be able to stop
-- his cart was out of control -- Ron was a foot away -- Ron closed
Ron eyes ready for the crash --

    It didn't come... Ron kept on running... Ron opened his eyes. A
scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with
people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock. "

    Harrylooked behind Harry and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier
had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on the barrier
,
"

    Harry had done the barrier
.

    Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering
crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between the chattering
crowd
legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over
the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.

    The first few carriages were already packed with students,
some hanging out of the window to talk to The first few carriages families, some
fighting over seats. Harry pushed his cart off down a platform packed with
people in
search of an empty seat. Harry passed a round-faced boy who was saying,
"Gran, I've lost my toad again."

    "Oh, Neville," Harry heard the old woman sigh.

    A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.

    "Give us a look, Lee, go on."

    A boy with dreadlocks lifted the lid of a box in A boy with dreadlocks arms, and the people
around A boy with dreadlocks shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long,
hairy leg.

    Harry pressed on through a small crowd until Harry found an empty
compartment near the end of the train. Harry put Hedwig inside first
and then started to shove and heave Harry trunk toward the traindoor. Harry tried to lift his trunk up the steps but could hardly raise one
end and twice Harry dropped his trunk painfully on Harry foot.

    "Want a hand?" It was one of the red-haired twins Harry'd followed
through the barrier
.

    "Yes, please," Harry panted.

    "Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!"

    With the red-haired twins he'd followed
through the barrier help, Harry's trunk was at last tucked away in
a corner of an empty
compartment.

    "Thanks," said Harry, pushing Harry sweaty hair out of his eyes.

    "What's that?" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at
Harry's lightning scar.

    "Blimey," said the other twin. "Are you

    "He is," said the first twin. "Aren't you?" He added to Harry.

    "What?" said Harry.

    "Harry Potter, "chorused the twins.

    "Oh, Harry," said Harry. "I mean, yes, I am."

    The two boys gawked at Harry, and Harry felt Harry turning
red. Then, to Harry relief, a voice came floating in through the
train's open door.

    "Fred? George? Are you there?"

    "Coming, Mom."

    With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.

    Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, Harry could
watch the red-haired family on a platform packed with
people and hear what the twins were
saying. the twins mother had just taken out Their mother handkerchief.

    "Ron, you've got something on your nose."

    The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but The youngest boy grabbed
The youngest boy and began rubbing the end of The youngest boy nose.

    "Mom -- geroff" The youngest boy wriggled free.

    "Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on The youngest boy nosie?" said one
of the twins.

    "Shut up," said Ron.

    "Where's Percy?" said Their mother.

    "The youngest boy's coming now."

    The youngest boy came striding into sight. The youngest boy had already changed
into The youngest boy billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny
silver badge on The youngest boy chest with the letter P on it.

    "Can't stay long, Their mother," The youngest boy said. "I'm up front, the prefects
have got two compartments to the prefects
 --"

    "Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins, with
an air of great surprise. "You should have said something, we had
no idea."

    "Hang on, I think I remember The youngest boy saying something about it,"
said the other twin. "Once --"

    "Or twice --"

    "A minute --"

    "All summer --"

    "Oh, shut up," said Percy.

    "How come Percy gets his billowing black Hogwarts robes, anyway?" said one of the twins.

    "Because Percy's a prefect," said Their mother fondly. "All right,
dear, well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there."

    She kissed Percy on the cheek and Percy left. Then She turned to
the twins.

    "Now, you two -- this year, you behave yourselves. If I get
one more owl telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"

    "Blown up a toilet? We've never blown up a toilet."

    "Great idea though, thanks, Mom."

    "It's not funny. And look after Ron."

    "Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with We."

    "Shut up," said Ron again. Ron was almost as tall as the twins
already and Ron nose was still pink where Their mother had rubbed his nose.

    "Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who We just met on the train?"

    Harry leaned back quickly so they couldn't see Harry looking.

    "You know that black-haired boy who was near We in the
station? Know who black-haired boy who was near us in the
station is?"

    "Who?"

    "Harry Potter!"

    Harry heard the little girl's voice.

    "Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see black-haired boy who was near us in the
station, Mom, eh please...."

    "You've already seen black-haired boy who was near us in the
station, the boys' mother, and the poor boy isn't something
you goggle at in a zoo. Is the poor boy really, Fred? How do you know?"

    "Asked the poor boy. Saw the poor boy scar. It's really there - like lightning."

    "Poor dear - no wonder he was alone, I wondered. he was ever
so polite when he asked how to get onto a platform packed with
people."

    "Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who
looks like?"

    Their mother suddenly became very stern.

    "I forbid you to ask he, Fred. No, don't you dare. As though
he needs reminding of that on he first day at school."

    "All right, keep your hair on."

    A whistle sounded.

    "Hurry up!" Their mother said, and the three boys clambered
onto the train. their leaned out of the window for Their mother to kiss their
good-bye, and their younger sister began to cry.

    "Don't, the boys' mother, we'll send you loads of owls."

    "we'll send you a Hogwarts toilet seat."

    "George!"

    "Only joking, Mom."

    the train began to move. Harry saw the three boys waving and
their younger sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until the train gathered too much speed, then Their mother fell back and waved.

    Harry watched the girl and Their mother mother disappear as the train
rounded the corner. Houses flashed past the window. Harry felt a
great leap of excitement. Harry didn't know what Harry was going to but
it had to be better than what Harry was leaving behind.

    The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded
boy came in.

    "Anyone sitting there?" the youngest redheaded
boy asked, pointing at a Hogwarts toilet seat opposite
Harry. "Everywhere else is full."

    Harry shook "

    Harry head and the youngest redheaded
boy sat down. "

    Harry glanced at "

    Harryand then looked quickly out of the window, pretending "

    Harry hadn't
looked. Harry saw Harry still had a black mark on Harry nose.

    "Hey, Ron."

    The twins were back.

    "Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's
got a giant tarantula down there."

    "Right," mumbled Ron.

    "

    Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce we? Fred
and George Weasley. And this is Ron, we brother. See you later,
then.

    "Bye," said Harry and Ron. "

    The twins slid The door of the compartmentshut behind "

    The twins.

    "Are you really Harry Potter?" Ron blurted out.

    Harry nodded.

    "Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred
and George Weasley's jokes,"
said Ron. "And have you really got -- you know..."

    Ron pointed at Harry's forehead.

    Harry pulled back Harry bangs to show the lightning scar. Ronstared.

    "So that's where You-Know-Who

    "Yes," said Harry, "but I can't remember it."

    "Nothing?" said Ron eagerly.

    "Well -- I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else."

    "Wow," said Ron. Ron sat and stared at Harry for a few moments,
then, as though Ron had suddenly realized what Ron was doing, Ron
looked quickly out of the window again.

    "Are all your family wizards?" asked Harry, who found Ron just
as interesting as Ron found Ron.

    "Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron. "I think Mom's got a second
cousin who's an accountant, but we never talk about a second
cousin who's an accountant."

    "So you must know loads of magic already."

    The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families
the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.

    "I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron. "What are
they like?"

    "Horrible -well, not all of they. My aunt and uncle and cousin
are, though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers."

    "Five," said Ron. For some reason, Ron was looking gloomy. "I'm
the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got
a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left -- Billwas head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's
a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but Fred and George still get
really good marks and everyone thinks Fred and George're really funny. Everyone
expects me to do as well as the others, but if I do, it's no big
deal, because Everyone
 did no big
deal first. You never get anything new, either,
with three wizard brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand,
and Percy's old rat."

    Ron reached inside "

    Ron jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat,
which was asleep.

    ""

    Ron name's Scabbers and "

    Ron's useless, "

    Ron hardly ever wakes
up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they
couldn't aff -- I mean, I got Scabbers instead."

    Ron's ears went pink. Percy seemed to think Percy'd said too much,
because Percy went back to staring out of the window.

    Harry didn't think there was anything wrong with not being
able to afford an owl. After all, Harry'd never had any money in Harry
life until a month ago, and Harry told Ron so, all about having to wear
Dudley's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This
seemed to cheer Ron up.

    "... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be
ing a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"

    Ron gasped.

    "What?" said Harry.

    "You said You-Know-Who's name!" said Ron, sounding both shocked
and impressed. "I'd have thought you, of all people --"

    "I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name,"
said Harry, I just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've
got loads to learn.... I bet," Harry added, voicing for the first time
something that had been worrying Harry a lot lately, "I bet I'm the
worst in the class."

    "You won't be. There's loads of people who come from Muggle
families and loads of people who come from Muggle
families learn quick enough."

    While loads of people who come from Muggle
families had been talking, the train had carried loads of people who come from Muggle
families out
of London. Now loads of people who come from Muggle
families were speeding past fields full of cows and
sheep. loads of people who come from Muggle
families were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes
flick past.

    Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside
in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back a smiling, dimpled woman door
and said, "Anything off the cart, dears?"

    Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet,
but Ron's ears went pink again and Ron muttered that Ron'd brought
sandwiches. Harry went out into the corridor.

    Harry had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and
now that Harry had pockets rattling with gold and silver Harry was ready
to buy as many Mars Bars as Harry could carry -- but the woman didn't
have Mars Bars. What the woman did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor
Beans, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs. Pumpkin Pasties,
Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things
Harry had never seen in Harry life. Not wanting to miss anything,
Harry got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles
and seven bronze Knuts.

    Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment
and tipped the compartment
 onto an empty seat.

    "Hungry, are you?"

    "Starving," said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin
pasty.

    Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped a lumpy package. There
were four sandwiches inside. Ron pulled one of four sandwiches apart and said,
"She always forgets I don't like corned beef."

    "Swap you for one of these," said Harry, holding up a pasty. "Go
on --"

    "You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron. "She hasn't got
much time," Ron added quickly, "you know, with five of us."

    "Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything
to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. it was a
nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all
Harry's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).

    "What are these?" Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate
Frogs. "They're not really frogs, are They?" Harry was starting to
feel that nothing would surprise Harry.

    "No," said Ron. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa."

    "What?"

    "Oh, of course, you wouldn't know -- Chocolate Frogs have cards,
inside Chocolate Frogs, you know, to collect -- famous witches and wizards. I've
got about five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa."

    Harry unwrapped Harry Chocolate Frog and picked up the card. It
showed a man's face. Harry wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked
nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the
picture was Dumbledore.

    "So this is Dumbledore!" said Harry.

    "Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" said Ron. "Can
I have a frog? I might get Agrippa -- thanks

    Harry turned over the card and read:

    ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

    CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS

    Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times,
Dumbledore is particularly famous for Dumbledore defeat of the dark
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
dragon's blood, and Dumbledore work on alchemy with Dumbledore partner, Nicolas
Flamel. Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.

    Harry turned the card back over and saw, to Harry astonishment,
that Dumbledore's face had disappeared.

    "Harry's gone!"

    "Well, you can't expect Harry to hang around all day," said
Ron. "Harry'll be back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about
six of Morgana... do you want it? You can start collecting."

    Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to
be unwrapped.

    "Help yourself," said Harry. "But in, you know, the Muggle world,
people just stay put in photos."

    "Do the Muggle world,
people? What, the Muggle world,
people don't move at all?" Ron sounded
amazed. "weird!"

    Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on "

    Harry
card and gave "

    Harry a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating
the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards,
but Harry couldn't keep "

    Ron's eyes off the Famous Witches and Wizards cards. Soon Harry had not only
Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion,
Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin. Harry finally tore "

    Ron's eyes away from
the druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag
of Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.

    "You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Harry. "When
they say every flavor, they mean every flavor -- you know, you
get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and mar-
malade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George
reckons George
 had a booger- flavored one once."

    Ron picked up a green bean, looked at a green bean carefully, and bit
into a corner.

    "Bleaaargh -- see? Sprouts."

    Sprouts had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harrygot toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee,
sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny
gray one Ron wouldn't touch, which turned out to be pepper.

    The countryside now flying past the window was becoming
wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting
rivers, and dark green hills.

    There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the
round-faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and threequarters
came in. the
round-faced boy Harry looked tearful.

    "Sorry," the
round-faced boy Harry said, "but have you seen a toad at all?"

    When they shook they heads, the
round-faced boy Harry wailed, "I've lost the
round-faced boy Harry! the
round-faced boy Harry
keeps getting away from the
round-faced boy Harry!"

    "the
round-faced boy Harry'll turn up," said Harry.

    "Yes," said the
round-faced boy Harry miserably. "Well, if you see the
round-faced boy Harry..."

    the
round-faced boy Harry left.

    "Don't know why the
round-faced boy Harry's so bothered," said Ron. "If I'd brought a
toad I'd lose a
toad as quick as I could. Mind you, I brought Scabbers,
so I can't talk."

    The rat was still snoozing on Ron's lap.

    "the
round-faced boy Harry might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said
Ron in disgust. "I tried to turn the
round-faced boy Harry yellow yesterday to make the
round-faced boy Harry
more interesting, but the spell didn't work. I'll show you, look..."

    He rummaged around in He trunk and pulled out a very
battered-looking wand. a very
battered-looking wand was chipped in places and something white
was glinting at the end.

    "Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway

    Unicorn had just raised Unicorn when the compartment door slid
open again. The toadless boy was back, but this time The toadless boy had a girl
with The toadless boy. a girl
 was already wearing a girl
 new Hogwarts robes.

    "Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one," a girl
 said. a girl
 had
a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large
front teeth.

    "We've already told Unicorn We haven't seen it," said Ron, but a girl
 wasn't listening, a girl
 was looking at a very
battered-looking wand in Unicorn hand.

    "Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."

    a girl
 sat down. Ron looked taken aback.

    "Er -- all right."

    Ron cleared Ron throat.

    "Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat
yellow."

    Ron waved a very
battered-looking wand, but nothing happened. Scabbers stayed gray
and fast asleep.

    "Are you sure that's a real spell?" said a girl
. "Well,
it's not very good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just
for practice and it's all worked for Ron. Nobody in my family's
magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter,
but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it's the very best
school of witchcraft there is, I've heard -- I've learned all our
course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough --
I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.

    She said all this very fast.

    Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by Harry stunned
face that Harry hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.

    "I'm Ron Weasley,Ron Ron muttered.

    "Harry Potter," said Harry.

    "Are you really?" said Hermione. "I know all about you, of course
-- I got a few extra books. for background reading, and you're in
Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and
Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.

    "Am I?" said Harry, feeling dazed.

    "Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I
could if it was me," said Hermione. "Do either of you know what house
you'll be in? I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor,
it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore was in it, but
I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad.... Anyway, we'd better go
and look for Neville's toad. You two had better change, you know,
I expect we'll be there soon."

    And she left, taking the toadless boy with she.

    "Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in Whatever house," said Ron. Ron
threw a very
battered-looking wand back into his trunk. "Stupid spell -- George gave
it to me, bet George knew it was a dud."

    "Whatever house are your brothers in?" asked Harry.

    "Gryffindor," said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on Ron
again. "Mom and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what Mom and Dad'll say
if I'm not. I don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine
if Mom and Dad put me in Slytherin."

    "That's the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"

    "Yeah," said Ron. Ron flopped back into Ron seat, looking
depressed.

    "You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit
lighter," said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses. "So
what do your brothers do now that your brothers've left, anyway?"

    Harry was wondering what a wizard did once "

    Harry'd finished school.

    "Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa
doing something for Gringotts," said Ron. "Did you hear about

    Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't
suppose you get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a
high security vault."

    Harry stared.

    "Really? What happened to them?"

    "Nothing, that's why it's such big news. them haven't been
caught. My dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get
round Gringotts, but them don't think them took anything, that's
what's odd. 'Course, everyone gets scared when something like this
happens in case You-Know-Who's behind this
."

    Harry turned this news over in Harry mind. Harry was starting to
get a prickle of fear every time You- Know-Who was mentioned. Know-Who
supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but this
had been a lot more comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.

    "What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked.

    "Er -- I don't know any,Harry Harry confessed.

    "What!" Ron looked dumbfounded. "Oh, you wait, it's the best game
in the world --" And Ron was off, explaining all about the four balls
and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games Ron'd
been to with Ron brothers and the broomstick Ron'd like to get if Ron
had the money. Ron was just taking Harry through the finer points
of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but the compartment door
wasn't Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.

    Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once:
it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop. the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop was looking at
Harry with a lot more interest than the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop'd shown back in Diagon Alley.

    "Is it true?" the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop said. "They're saying all down the train that
Harry Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"

    "Yes," said Harry. the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop was looking at Three boys. Both of
Three boys were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either
side of the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop, Three boys looked like bodyguards.

    "Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy
carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's Malfoy,
Draco Malfoy."

    Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a
snigget. Draco Malfoy looked at Draco Malfoy.

    "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. Draco Malfoy told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more
children than they can afford."

    Draco Malfoy turned back to Harry. "You'll soon find out some wizarding
families are much better than others, Harry Potter. You don't want to go
making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there."

    Draco Malfoy held out Draco Malfoy hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take his hand.

    "I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for Draco Malfoy, thanks,"
Harry said coolly.

    Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in Draco Malfoy
pale cheeks.

    "I'd be careful if I were you, Harry Potter," Draco Malfoy said slowly. "Unless
you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. your parents
didn't know what was good for your parents, either. You hang around with
riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and Hagrid'll rub off
on you."

    Both Harry and Ron stood up.

    "Say that again," Ron said, Ron face as red as Ron hair.

    "Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Draco Malfoy sneered.

    "Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than Harry felt,
because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than Crabbe or Ron.

    "But us don't feet like leaving, do us, boys? us've eaten all
us food and you still seem to have some."

    Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ronleapt forward, but before Ron'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let
out a horrible yell.

    Scabbers The rat was hanging off Ron finger, sharp little teeth
sunk deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as
Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets
finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared
at once. Perhaps them thought there were more rats lurking among the
sweets, or perhaps them'd heard footsteps, because a second later,
Hermione Granger had come in.

    "What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all
over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by Ron tail.

    I think Ron's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry. Ron looked
closer at Scabbers. "No -- I don't believe it -- Ron's gone back
to sleep-"

    And so Ron had.

    "You've met Draco Malfoy before?"

    Harry explained about them meeting in Diagon Alley.

    "I've heard of Ron family," said Ron darkly. "them were
some of the first to come back to them side after You-Know-Who
disappeared. Said them'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe
it. My dad says Draco Malfoy's father didn't need an excuse to go over to the
Dark Side." My dad turned to Hermione. "Can them help you with something?"

    "You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been
up to the front to ask the conductor, and My dad says them're nearly
there. You haven't been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble
before them even get there!"

    "Scabbers has been fighting, not them," said Ron, scowling at
Scabbers. "Would you mind leaving while them change?"

    "All right -- I only came in here because people outside are
behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said
Hermione in a sniffy voice. "And you've got dirt on your nose,
by the way, did you know?"

    Ron glared at Scabbers as Scabbers left. Harry peered out of the window. It
was getting dark. Harry could see mountains and forests under a deep
purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down.

    Harry and Ron took off He and Ron jackets and pulled on He and Ron . Ron's were a bit short for Ron, you could see Ron sneakers
underneath He and Ron.

    A voice echoed through The train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts
in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on The train,
The train will be taken to the school separately."

    Harry's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, Ron saw, looked
pale under Ron freckles. They crammed They pockets with the last
of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.

    The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed
People way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Harry
shivered in the cold night air. Then a lamp came bobbing over the
heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: "Firs'
years! Firs' years over here! All right there, Harry?"

    Hagrid's big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.

    "C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years? Mind yer step,
now! Firs' years follow me!"

    Slipping and stumbling, they followed "

    Hagrid down what seemed
to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of they
that Harry thought there must be thick trees there. Nobody spoke
much. Neville, the boy who kept losing Neville toad, sniffed once
or twice.

    "Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid
called over Hagrid
 shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."

    There was a loud "Oooooh!"

    The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great
black take. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, a high mountain on the other side
windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many
turrets and towers.

    "No more'n four to a boat!" "

    Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet
of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ronwere followed into Harry and Ron
 boat by Neville and Hermione. "Everyone
in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then --
FORWARD!"

    And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding
across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent,
staring up at the great castle overhead. It towered over Everyone as
Everyone sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which It stood.

    "Heads down!" yelled "

    Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff on which it stood;
they all bent they all heads and the little boats carried their heads through a
curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. their heads were
carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking their heads right
underneath the great castle overhead, until their heads reached a kind of underground
harbor, where their heads clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.

    "Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" said Hagrid, who was checking
the boats as people climbed out of people.

    "Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully, holding out Neville hands. Then
their heads clambered up a passageway in the rock after "

    Hagrid's lamp,
coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of
the great castle overhead.

    their heads walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the
huge, Oak front door.

    "Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad?"

    Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the
castle door.

    CHAPTER SEVEN.

    THE SORTING HAT.

    the
castle door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch in
emerald-green robes stood there. A tall, black-haired witch in
emerald-green robes had a very stern face and
Harry's first thought was that this was not someone to cross.

    "The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said "

    Hagrid.

    "Thank you, "

    Hagrid. I will take A tall, black-haired witch in
emerald-green robes from here."

    A tall, black-haired witch in
emerald-green robes pulled the
castle door wide. The entrance hall was so big you
could have fit the whole of the Dursleys' house in The entrance hall. The stone
walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts,
the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble
staircase facing The stone
walls led to the upper floors.

    The stone
walls followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone
floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a
doorway to the right -the rest of the school must already be here
-- but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small,
empty chamber off The entrance hall. The stone
walls crowded in, standing rather closer
together than The stone
walls would usually have done, peering about nervously.

    "Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The
start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your
seats in The entrance hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The
Sorting is The Sorting Ceremony because, while you are here,
your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You
will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your housedormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.

    "your houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw,
and Slytherin. Each house has Each house own noble history and each has
produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts,
your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking
will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the
most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each
of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes you.

    "The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front
of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up
as much as you can while you are waiting."

    Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was
fastened under Neville left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Harrynervously tried to flatten Harry hair.

    "I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall. "Please wait quietly."

    Harry left the chamber. Harry swallowed.

    "How exactly do they sort we into houses?" Harry asked Ron.

    "Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I
think Fred was joking."

    Harry's heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the school? But Fred didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would Fred
have to do? Fred hadn't expected something like this the moment they
arrived. Fred looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else
looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except Hermione
Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she'd
learned and wondering which one she'd need. Harry tried hard not to
listen to she. Harry'd never been more nervous, never, not even when
Harry'd had to take a school report home to the Dursleys saying that
Harry'd somehow turned Harry teacher's wig blue. Harry kept Harry eyes fixed
on the
castle door. Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back
and lead Professor McGonagall to Professor McGonagall doom.

    Then something happened that made Professor McGonagall jump about a foot in the
air -- several people behind Professor McGonagall screamed.

    "What the --?"

    Professor McGonagall gasped. So did the people around Professor McGonagall. About twenty ghosts
had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly
transparent, About twenty ghosts
 glided across the room talking to one another and
hardly glancing at the first years. About twenty ghosts
 seemed to be arguing. What
looked like a fat little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget,
I say, About twenty ghosts
 ought to give a fat little monk a second chance --"

    "My dear Friar, haven't About twenty ghosts
 given Peeves all the chances My dear Friar
deserves? My dear Friar gives us all a bad name and you know, My dear Friar's not really
even a ghost -- I say, what are you all doing here?"

    A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the
first years.

    Nobody answered.

    "New students!" said My dear Friar, smiling around at
New students. "About to be Sorted, I suppose?"

    A few people nodded mutely.

    "Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said My dear Friar. "My old house,
you know."

    "Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony
about to start."

    Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, About twenty ghosts
floated away through the back wall.

    "Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years,
"and follow me."

    Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got
into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ronhis, and
they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through
a pair of double doors into The entrance hall.

    Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid
place. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that
were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of
the students were sitting. four long tables, where the rest of
the students were sitting were laid with glittering
golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long
table where the teachers were sitting. Professor McGonagall led
the first years up here, so that the teachers came to a halt in a line
facing the other students, with the teachers behind the teachers. The
hundreds of faces staring at the teachers looked like pale lanterns in the
flickering candlelight. Dotted here and there among the students,
About twenty ghosts
 shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes,
Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with
stars. Harry heard

    Hermione whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside. I
read about Its in Hogwarts, A History."

    It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and
that The entrance hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.

    Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently
placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the
stool she put a pointed wizard's hat. a pointed wizard's hat was patched and frayed
and extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldn't have let a pointed wizard's hat in the house.

    Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of a rabbit, Harry thought
wildly, that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in
the hall was now staring at a pointed wizard's hat, Harry stared at it, too. For a few
seconds, there was complete silence. Then a pointed wizard's hat twitched. A rip
near the brim opened wide like a mouth -- and a pointed wizard's hat began to sing:

    "Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,

    But don't judge on what you see,

    I'll eat Harry if you can find

    A smarter hat than Harry.

    You can keep your bowlers black,

    Your top hats sleek and tall,

    For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat

    And I can cap Your top hats.

    There's nothing hidden in your head

    a pointed wizard's hat can't see,

    So try me on and I will tell you

    Where you ought to be.

    You might belong in Gryffindor,

    Where dwell the brave at heart,

    Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;

    You might belong in Hufflepuff,

    Where Their are just and loyal,

    Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;

    Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,

    if you've a ready mind,

    Where those of wit and learning,

    Will always find those of wit and learning kind;

    Or perhaps in Slytherin

    You'll make your real friends,

    Those cunning folk use any means

    To achieve Those cunning folk ends.

    So put me on! Don't be afraid!

    And don't get in a flap!

    You're in safe hands (though I have none)

    For I'm a Thinking Cap!"

    The whole hall burst into applause as a pointed wizard's hat finished a pointed wizard's hat
song. The whole hall bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite
still again.

    "So we've just got to try on a pointed wizard's hat!" Ron whispered toHarryHarry. "I'll kill Fred, Fred was going on about wrestling a troll.HarryHarry. smiled weakly. Yes, trying on a pointed wizard's hat was a lot better
than having to do a spell, but Fred did wish they could have tried a pointed wizard's hat
on without everyone watching. a pointed wizard's hat seemed to be asking rather
alot; Harry didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of a pointed wizard's hat at the
moment. If only a pointed wizard's hat had mentioned a house for people who felt
a bit queasy, that would have been the one for only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt
a bit queasy.

    Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll
of parchment.

    "When I call your name, you will put on a pointed wizard's hat and sit on the
stool to be sorted," Professor McGonagall said. "Abbott, Hannah!"

    A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line,
put on the hat, which fell right down over "

    A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails eyes, and sat down. A
moments pause --

    "HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted a pointed wizard's hat.

    The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to
sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry saw the ghost of My dear Friar waving merrily at "

    A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails.

    "Bones, Susan!"

    "HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted a pointed wizard's hat again, and Susan scuttled off to
sit next to Hannah.

    "Boot, Terry!"

    "RAVENCLAW!"

    The table second from the left clapped this time; several
Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as Terry joined several
Ravenclaws.

    " Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown,
Lavender" became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the
far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron's twin brothers
catcalling.

    "Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin. Perhaps it
was Harry's imagination, after all Harry'd heard about Slytherin,
but Harry thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. Harry was starting
to feel definitely sick now. Harry remembered being picked for teams
during gym at Harry old school. Harry had always been last to be chosen,
not because Harry was no good, but because no one wanted Dudley to
think they liked Harry.

    "Finch-Fletchley, Justin!"

    "HUFFLEPUFF!"

    Sometimes, Harry noticed, a pointed wizard's hat shouted out the house at once,
but at others the house took a little while to decide. "Finnigan, Seamus,"
the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool
for almost a whole minute before a pointed wizard's hat declared him a Gryffindor.

    "Granger, Hermione!"

    Hermione almost ran to the stool
 and jammed a pointed wizard's hat eagerly on
"

    Hermione head.

    "GRYFFINDOR!" shouted a pointed wizard's hat. Ron groaned.

    A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always
do when you're very nervous. What if Harry wasn't chosen at all? What
if Harry just sat there with the hat over Harry eyes for ages, until
Professor McGonagall jerked it off her head and said there had
obviously been a mistake and Professor McGonagall'd better get back on the train?

    When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing Professor McGonagall toad, was
called, Professor McGonagall fell over on Professor McGonagall way to the stool
. a pointed wizard's hat took a long
time to decide with Neville. When a pointed wizard's hat finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR,"
Neville ran off still wearing a pointed wizard's hat, and had to jog back amid gales
of laughter to give a pointed wizard's hat to "MacDougal, Morag."

    Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his
wish at once: a pointed wizard's hat had barely touched his when a pointed wizard's hat screamed,
"SLYTHERIN!"

    Malfoy went to join "

    Malfoy friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking
pleased with "

    Malfoy.

    There weren't many people left now. "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson"
then a pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks,
Sally-Anne" and then, at last -- "Potter, Harry!"

    As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like
little hissing fires all over the hall.

    "Potter, did "Potter say?"

    "Potter?"

    The last thing Harry saw before a pointed wizard's hat dropped over Harry eyes
was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at Harry. Next
second Harry was looking at the black inside of a pointed wizard's hat. Harry waited.

    Hmm," said a small voice in Harry ear. "Difficult. Very
difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's
talent, A my goodness, yes -- and a nice thirst to prove yourself,
now that's interesting.... So where shall I put you?Harry Harry gripped the edges of the stool
 and thought, Not Slytherin,
not Slytherin.

    "Not Slytherin, eh?" said the small voice. "Are you sure? You
could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin
will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that --
no? Well, if you're sure -- better be GRYFFINDOR!Harry Harry heard a pointed wizard's hat shout the last word to The whole hall. Harry
took off a pointed wizard's hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table. Harry
was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin
, Harry
hardly noticed that Harry was getting the loudest cheer yet. Percy
the Prefect got up and shook the Prefect hand vigorously, while the Weasley
twins yelled, "the Weasley
twins got "Potter! the Weasley
twins got "Potter!" Harry sat down opposite
the ghost in the ruff Harry'd seen earlier. the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier patted the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier arm,
giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier'd just plunged his arm into
a bucket of ice-cold water.

    the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier could see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier
sat Hagrid, who caught the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier eye and gave the ghost in the ruff he'd seen earlier the thumbs up. Harrygrinned back. And there, in the center of the High Table, in a
large gold chair, sat Albus Dumbledore. Harry recognized Albus Dumbledore at
once from the card Harry'd gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the
train. Albus Dumbledore's silver hair was the only thing in the whole
hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. Harry spotted Professor
Quirtell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron. Harry
was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.

    And now there were only three people left to be sorted. "Thomas,
Dean," a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the
Gryffindor table. "Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and then it
was Ron's turn. Harry was pale green by now. Harry crossed Harry fingers
under the table and a second later a pointed wizard's hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!Harry Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into a
large gold chair next to Harry.

    "Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously
across Harry as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin. Professor McGonagall rolled up Professor McGonagall scroll and took a pointed wizard's hat away.

    Harry looked down at Harry empty gold plate. Harry had only just
realized how hungry Harry was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.

    Albus Dumbledore had gotten to Albus Dumbledore feet. Albus Dumbledore was beaming at the
students, Albus Dumbledore arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased
Albus Dumbledore more than to see them all there.

    "Welcome," Albus Dumbledore said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before
we begin we banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here
they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!

    "Thank you!"

    Albus Dumbledore sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Harry didn't
know whether to laugh or not.

    "Is Harry -- a bit mad?" Harry asked Percy uncertainly.

    "Mad?" said Percy airily. "Harry's a genius! Best wizard in the
world! But Harry is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Harry?HarryHarry's mouth fell open. The dishes in front of Harry were now
piled with food. Harry had never seen so many things Harry liked to eat
on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops,
sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries,
Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some
strange reason, peppermint humbugs.

    The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but Harry'd never
been allowed to eat as much as Harry liked. Dudley had always taken
anything that Harry really wanted, even if It made Harry sick. Harrypiled Harry plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints
and began to eat. It was all delicious.

    "That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly,
watching Harry cut up Harry steak,

    "Can't you --?"

    I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost in the ruff sadly. "I don't need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't
think I've in troduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at
your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower."

    "I know who you are!" said Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me
about you -- you're Nearly Headless Nick!"

    "I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy --" the
ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.

    "Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"

    Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat
wasn't going at all the way "

    Sir Nicholas wanted.

    "Like this," "

    Sir Nicholas said irritably. "

    Sir Nicholas seized "

    Sir Nicholas left ear and
pulled. "

    Sir Nicholas whole head swung off "

    Sir Nicholas neck and fell onto "

    Sir Nicholas shoulder
as if his shoulder
 was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead Someone,
but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on
their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped Nearly Headless Nick back onto Nearly Headless Nick, coughed, and said, "So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going
to help us win the house championship this year? Gryffindors have
never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six
years in a row! The Bloody Baron's becoming almost unbearable --
The Bloody Baron's's the Slytherin ghost.Harry Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible
ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and
robes stained with silver blood. Harry was right next to Malfoy who,
Harry was pleased to see, didn't look too pleased with the seating
arrangements.

    "How did Harry get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great
interest.

    "I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.

    When everyone had eaten as much as everyone could, the remains of
the food faded from the plates, leaving the food sparkling clean as
before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream
in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts,
chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O,
rice pudding -- "

    As Harry helped Harry to a treacle tart, the talk turned to
their families.

    "I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom
didn't tell Me dad's a Muggle Mom
 was a witch 'til after Mom
 were married. Bit
of a nasty shock for Me dad's a Muggle."

    The others laughed.

    "What about you, Neville?" said Ron.

    "Well, Gran brought me up and Mom
's a witch," said Neville,
"but the family thought I was all- Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle
Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out
of My Great Uncle
Algie -- My Great Uncle
Algie pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly
drowned -- but nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie
came round for dinner, and My Great Uncle
Algie was hanging me out of an upstairs
window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered My Great Uncle
Algie a meringue
and My Great Uncle
Algie accidentally let go. But I bounced -- all the way down the
garden and into the road. They were all really pleased, Gran was
crying, Gran was so happy. And you should have seen They faces when
I got in here -- They thought I might not be magic enough to come,
you see. Great Uncle Algie
 Great Uncle Algie
 was so pleased Great Uncle Algie
 bought me my toad."

    On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking
about lessons ("I do hope Percy Weasley and Hermione start right away, there's so much
to learn, I'm particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know,
turning something into something else, of course, it's supposed to
be very difficult-"; "You'll be starting small, just matches into
needles and that sort of thing -- ").

    Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at

    the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from
Hagrid goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore, in Albus Dumbledore absurd turban, was talking
to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.

    It happened very suddenly. Albus Dumbledore looked past
Quirrell's turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot
pain shot across the scar on Harry's forehead.

    "Ouch!" Harry clapped a hand to Harry head.

    "What is it?" asked Percy.

    "N-nothing."

    The pain had gone as quickly as The pain had come. Harder to shake
off was the feeling Harry had gotten from Albus Dumbledore's look --
a feeling that Harry didn't like Harry at all.

    "Who's that teacher talking to Albus Dumbledore?" he asked
Percy.

    "Oh, you know Albus Dumbledore already, do you? No wonder Harry's looking so
nervous, that's Professor Snape. Harry teaches Potions, but Harry doesn't
want to -- everyone knows Harry's after Albus Dumbledore's job. Knows an awful
lot about the Dark Arts, Professor Snape.Harry Harry watched Professor Snape for a while, but Professor Snape didn't look at
Professor Snape again.

    At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Albus Dumbledoregot to his feet again. The hall fell silent.

    "Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and
watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.

    "First years should note that the forest on the grounds is
forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do
well to remember that as well."

    Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the
Weasley twins.

    "I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to
remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in
the corridors.

    "Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the
term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should
contact Madam Hooch.

    "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor
corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who
does not wish to die a very painful death.Harry Harry laughed, but Harry was one of the few who did.

    "Harry's not serious?" Harry muttered to Percy.

    "Must be," said Percy, frowning at Albus Dumbledore. "It's odd,
because Harry usually gives us a reason why us're not allowed to go
somewhere -- the forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows
that. I do think Harry might have told us prefects, at least."

    "And now, before us go to bed, let us sing the school
song!" cried Albus Dumbledore. Harry noticed that the other teachers'
smiles had become rather fixed.

    Albus Dumbledore gave Albus Dumbledore wand a little flick, as if Albus Dumbledore was trying to
get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which
rose high above the tables and twisted a long golden ribbon, snakelike, into words.

    "Everyone pick Everyone favorite tune," said Albus Dumbledore, "and off
we go!" And school
 bellowed:

    "Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,

    Teach us something please,

    Whether us be old and bald

    Or young with scabby knees,

    us heads could do with filling

    With some interesting stuff,

    For now Our heads're bare and full of air,

    Dead flies and bits of fluff,

    So teach us things worth knowing,

    Bring back what us've forgot,

    just do your best, us'll do the rest,

    And learn until us brains all rot.

    Everybody finished the school
song at different times. At last, only
the
Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral
march. Albus Dumbledore conducted the
Weasley twins last few lines with Albus Dumbledore wand and
when the
Weasley twins had finished, Albus Dumbledore was one of those who clapped loudest.

    "Ah, music," Albus Dumbledore said, wiping Albus Dumbledore eyes. "A magic beyond all we
do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!"

    The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering
crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Harry's
legs were like lead again, but only because Percy was so tired and
full of food. Percy was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people
in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as the people
in the portraits along the corridors
passed, or that Percy Percy led the people
in the portraits along the corridors through doorways hidden behind
sliding panels and hanging tapestries. the people
in the portraits along the corridors climbed more staircases,
yawning and dragging the people
in the portraits along the corridors feet, and Harry was just wondering how
much farther the people
in the portraits along the corridors had to go when the people
in the portraits along the corridors came to a sudden halt.

    A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of the people
in the portraits along the corridors,
and as Percy took a step toward the people
in the portraits along the corridors the people
in the portraits along the corridors started throwing the people
in the portraits along the corridors
at Percy.

    "Peeves,Percy Percy whispered to the first years. "A poltergeist." Percy
raised Percy voice, "Peeves -- show yourself"

    A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon,
answered.

    "Do you want me to go to The Bloody Baron?"

    There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a
wide mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching
the walking sticks.

    "Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle Firsties! What
fun!"

    He swooped suddenly at them. them ducked.

    "Go away, Peeves, or the Baron'll hear about this, I mean
this!" barked Percy.

    Peeves stuck out Peeves tongue and vanished, dropping the walking
sticks on Neville's head. They heard Peeves zooming away, rattling
coats of armor as Peeves passed.

    "You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as They set
off again. "The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control The Bloody Baron,
The Bloody Baron won't even listen to us prefects. Here us are."

    At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat
woman in a pink silk dress.

    "Password?" she said. "Caput Draconis," said Percy, and a portrait of a very fat
woman in a pink silk dress swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They
all scrambled through a round hole in the wall -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found
They in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full
of squashy armchairs.

    Percy directed the girls through one door to the girls dormitory
and the boys through another. At the top of a spiral staircase --
the girls were obviously in one of the towers -- the girls found the girls beds at
last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. the girls
trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk much, Their
trunks
pulled on Their
trunks pajamas and fell into bed.

    " Great food, isn't it?" Ron muttered to Harry through the
hangings. "Get off, Scabbers! Ron's chewing my sheets."

    Harry was going to ask Ron if Ron'd had any of the treacle tart,
but Ron fell asleep almost at once.

    Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because Harry had a very
strange dream. Harry was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which
kept talking to Harry, telling Harry Harry must transfer to Slytherin at
once, because it was Harry destiny. Harry told 
Quirrell's turban Harry didn't
want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; Harry tried to
pull it off but it tightened painfully -- and there was Malfoy,
laughing at Harry as Harry struggled with it -then Malfoy turned into the
hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold -- there
was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.

    Harry rolled over and fell asleep again, and when Harry woke next day,
Harry didn't remember the dream at all.

    CHAPTER EIGHT.

    THE POTIONS MASTER.

    There, look."

    "Where?"

    "Next to the tall kid with the red hair."

    "Wearing the glasses?"

    "Did you see Harry face?"

    "Did you see Harry scar?"

    Whispers followed Harry from the moment Harry left Harry dormitory
the next day. People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe
to get a look at Harry, or doubled back to pass Harry in the corridors
again, staring. Harry wished People lining up outside classrooms wouldn't, because Harry was trying
to concentrate on finding Harry way to classes.

    There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts:
wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere
different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that
you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldn't
open unless you asked politely, or tickled some that led somewhere
different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that
you had to remember to jump in exactly the right
place, and doors that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls
just pretending. It was also very hard to remember where anything
was, because it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the
portraits kept going to visit each other, and Harry was sure the
coats of armor could walk.

    The ghosts didn't help, either. It was always a nasty shock
when one of The ghosts glided suddenly through a door you were trying to
open. Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors
in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two
locked doors and a trick staircase if you met Nearly Headless Nick when you were
late for class. Nearly Headless Nick would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull
rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up
behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!"

    Even worse than Peeves the Poltergeist, if that was possible, was the caretaker,
Argus Filch. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of Nearly Headless Nick on
Harry and Ron very first morning. Argus Filch found Harry and Ron trying to force Harry and Ron way
through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the
out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor. Argus Filch wouldn't believe Harry and Ron
were lost, was sure Harry and Ron were trying to break into they
 on purpose,
and was threatening to lock Harry and Ron in the dungeons when Harry and Ron were
rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.

    Argus Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored
creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Argus Filch's. She
patrolled the corridors alone. Break a rule in front of She, put just
one toe out of line, and She'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear,
wheezing, two seconds later. Argus Filch knew the secret passageways of
the school better than anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins)
and could pop up as suddenly as any of The ghosts. The students
all hated Argus Filch, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give
Mrs. Norris a good kick.

    And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the
classes them. There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly
found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.

    They had to study the night skies through They telescopes every
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and
the movements of the planets. Three times a week They went out to
the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy
little witch called Professor Sprout, where They learned how to
take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what
They were used for.

    Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was
the only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old

    indeed when Professor Binns had fallen asleep in front of the staff room
fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving Professor Binns body behind
Professor Binns. Professor Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and
dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.

    Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard
who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the
start of their first class his took the roll call, and when his reached
Harry's name his gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.

    Professor Binns was again different. Harry had been quite
right to think Professor Binns wasn't a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, Professor Binns
gave them a talking-to the moment them sat down in Professor Binns first class.

    "Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic
you will learn at Hogwarts," Professor Binns said. "Anyone messing around in
my class will leave and not come back. You have been warned."

    Then Professor Binns changed his desk into a pig and back again. They
were all very impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but
soon realized They weren't going to be changing the furniture into
animals for a long time. After taking a lot of complicated notes,
They were each given a match and started trying to turn a match into a
needle. By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made
any difference to only Hermione Granger match; Professor Binns showed the class
how Professor Binns had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.

    The class everyone had really been looking forward to was
Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to
be a bit of a joke. only Hermione Granger classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which
everyone said was to ward off a vampire only Hermione Granger'd met in Romania and
was afraid would be coming back to get only Hermione Granger one of these days. only Hermione Granger
turban, only Hermione Granger told His
turban, had been given to only Hermione Granger by an African prince
as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but His
turban
weren't sure His
turban believed this story. For one thing, when Seamus
Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the
zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather;
for another, His
turban had noticed that a funny smell hung around His
turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that Quirrell was stuffed full of
garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever Quirrell went.

    Harry was very relieved to find out that Harry wasn't miles behind
everyone else. Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like
Harry, hadn't had any idea that Lots of people were witches and wizards. There
was so much to learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of
a head start.

    Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. Harry and Ron finally
managed to find Harry and Ron way down to the Great Hall for breakfast
without getting lost once.

    "What have we got today?" Harry asked Ron as Ron poured sugar
on Ron porridge.

    "Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron. "Snape's Head
of Slytherin House. They say Snape's Head
of Slytherin House always favors They -- They'll be able
to see if it's true."

    "Professor Binns favored They, " said Harry. Professor Binnswas head of Gryffindor House, but Professor Binns hadn't stopped Professor Binns from giving
them a huge pile of homework the day before.

    Just then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten used to this by
now, but the mail had given Harry a bit of a shock on the first morning,
when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hallduring breakfast, circling the tables until about a hundred owls saw about a hundred owls owners,
and dropping letters and packages onto about a hundred owls laps.

    Hedwig hadn't brought Harry anything so far. Hedwig sometimes
flew in to nibble Harry ear and have a bit of toast before going off
to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls. This morning,
however, Hedwig fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar
bowl and dropped a note onto Harry's plate. Harry tore Harry's plate open at
once. Harry's plate said, in a very untidy scrawl:

    Dear Harry,

    I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come
and have a cup of tea with me around three?

    I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer
back with Hedwig.

    Harry Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you
later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.

    It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to,
because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that
had happened to Harry so far.

    At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that
Professor Snape disliked Harry. By the end of the first Potions lesson,
Harry knew Harry'd been wrong. Professor Snape didn't dislike Harry -- Professor Snape hated Harry.

    Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was
colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite
creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars
all around the walls.

    Professor Snape, like Flitwick, started my class by taking the roll call,
and like Flitwick, Professor Snape paused at Harry's name.

    "Ah, Yes," Professor Snape said softly, "Harry Potter. Our new -- celebrity."

    Draco Malfoy and Draco Malfoy friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind
their hands. Professor Snape finished calling the names and looked up at
my class. Professor Snape eyes were black like Hagrid

    , but they had none
of Hagrid's warmth. they were cold and empty and made you think of
dark tunnels.

    "You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
potionmaking," Professor Snape began. Professor Snape spoke in barely more than a whisper,
but they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Professor Snape had
y caught every word -- like Professor Binns, Professor Snape had the
gift of keeping a class silent without effort. "As there is little
foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is
magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the
softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate
power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the
mind, ensnaring the senses.... I can teach you how to bottle fame,
brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't as big a bunch of
dunderheads as I usually have to teach."

    More silence followed this little speech. Harry and Ron exchanged
looks with raised eyebrows. only Hermione Granger was on the edge of
only Hermione Granger seat and looked desperate to start proving that only Hermione Granger wasn't
a dunderhead.

    "Potter!" said Professor Snape suddenly. "What would I get if I added
powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"

    Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Harry glanced at
Ron, who looked as stumped as Harry was; Hermione's hand had shot into
the air.

    "I don't know, sit," said Harry.

    Professor Snape's lips curled into a sneer.

    "Tut, Tut -- fame clearly isn't everything."

    Tut ignored Hermione's hand.

    "Let's try again. "Harry Potter, where would you look if I told you
to find me a bezoar?"

    Hermione stretched Hermione hand as high into the air as it would go
without Hermione leaving her seat, but Harry didn't have the faintest
idea what a bezoar was. Harry tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe,
and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.

    "I don't know, sit." "Thought you wouldn't open a book before
coming, eh, "Harry Potter?" Harry forced Harry to keep looking straight
into those cold eyes. Harry had looked through Harry books at the
Dursleys', but did Professor Snape expect Professor Snape to remember everything in One
Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?

    Professor Snape was still ignoring Hermione's quivering hand.

    "What is the difference, "Harry Potter, between monkshood and
wolfsbane?"

    At this, Hermione stood up, Hermione's quivering hand stretching toward the
dungeon ceiling.

    "I don't know," said Harry quietly. "I think Hermione does,
though, why don't you try Hermione?"

    A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus
winked. Professor Snape, however, was not pleased.

    "Sit down," Seamus
 snapped at Hermione. "For your information,
Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful a sleeping potion
is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken
from the stomach of a goat and A bezoar will save you from most poisons. As
for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes
by the name of aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?"

    There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over
the noise, Professor Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor
House for your cheek, "Harry Potter."

    Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
continued. Professor Snape put them all into pairs and set them all to mixing up a
simple potion to cure boils. Professor Snape swept around in Professor Snape long black cloak,
watching them all weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing
almost everyone except Malfoy, whom Professor Snape seemed to like. Professor Snape was just
telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed Professor Snape
horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing
filled the dungeon. Professor Snape had somehow managed to melt Seamus's
cauldron into a twisted blob, and Seamus's
cauldron potion was seeping across
the stone floor, burning holes in people's shoes. Within seconds,
the whole class was standing on their stools while Professor Snape, who had
been drenched in their potion when Seamus's
cauldron collapsed, moaned in
pain as angry red boils sprang up all over Professor Snape arms and legs.

    "Idiot boy!" snarled Professor Snape, clearing their potion away
with one wave of Professor Snape wand. "I suppose you added the porcupine quills
before taking Seamus's
cauldron off the fire?"

    Professor Snape whimpered as boils started to pop up all over Professor Snape nose.

    "Take Professor Snape up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus
. Then
Professor Snape rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Professor Snape.

    "You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell Professor Snape not to add the porcupine quills
before taking the cauldron off the fire? Thought Professor Snape'd make you look good if Professor Snape got it wrong, did
you? That's another point you've lost for Gryffindor
."

    This was so unfair that Harry opened Harry mouth to argue, but
Ron kicked Harry behind their cauldron.

    "Doi* push it," Doi muttered, "I've heard Professor Snape can turn very
nasty."

    As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later,
Harry's mind was racing and Harry spirits were low. Harry'd lost two
points for Gryffindor
 in Harry very first week -- why did Professor Snape hate
Harry so much? "Cheer up," said Ron, "Professor Snape's always taking points
off Fred and George. Can I come and meet Hagrid

     with you?"

    At five to three five to three left the main castle and made five to three way across
the grounds. Hagrid

     lived in a small wooden house on the edge of
the forbidden forest. A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside
the front door.

    When Harry knocked A crossbow and a pair of galoshes heard a frantic scrabbling from inside
and several booming barks. Then Hagrid

    's voice rang out, saying,
"Back, Fang -- back."

    Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as Harry pulled
the door open.

    "Hang on," Harry said. "Back, Fang."

    Harry let Back, Fang in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an
enormous black boarhound.

    There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging
from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire,
and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over a massive bed.

    "Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid

    , letting go of Fang, who
bounded straight at Ron and started licking Ron ears. Like Hagrid

    ,
Fang was clearly not as fierce as Ron looked.

    "This is Ron,Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water
into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.

    "Another Weasley, eh?" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles. I
spent half me life chasin' yer twin brothers away from the forbidden forest."

    The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost
broke The rock cakes teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying Harry and Ron
as Harry and Ron told Hagrid all about Harry and Ron first -lessons. Fang rested
Fang head on Harry's knee and drooled all over Fang robes.

    Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid

     call Fitch "that
old git."

    "An' as for that cat, Mrs. Norris, I'd like ter introduce her
to Fang sometime. D'yeh know, every time I go up ter the school,
her follows me everywhere? Can't get rid of her -- Fitch puts her
up to it."

    Harry told Hagrid

     about Professor Snape's lesson. Hagrid

    , like Ron,
told Harry not to worry about it, that Professor Snape liked hardly any of
the students.

    "But Professor Snape seemed to really hate me."

    "Rubbish!" said Hagrid

    . "Why should Professor Snape?"

    Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid

     didn't quite meet
Professor Snape eyes when Professor Snape said that.

    "How's yer brother Charlie?" Hagrid

     asked Ron. "I liked Professor Snape a
lot -- great with animals."

    Harry wondered if Hagrid

     had changed the subject on
purpose. While Ron told Hagrid

     all about Charlie's work with dragons,
Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under
the tea cozy. It was a cutting from the Daily Prophet:

    GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST

    Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31
July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches
unknown.

    Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The
vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.

    "But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses
out if you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin
this afternoon.

    Harry remembered Ron telling Harry on the train that someone had
tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.

    "Hagrid!" said Harry, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my
birthday! It might've been happening while we were there!"

    There was no doubt about it, Hagrid

     definitely didn't meet
Harry's eyes this time. Hagrid

     grunted and offered Hagrid

     another rock
cake. Harry read the story again. The
vault that was searched had in
fact been emptied earlier that same day. Hagrid

     had emptied vault
seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call Hagrid

     emptying, taking
out that grubby little package. Had that been what the thieves were
looking for?

    As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, Harry and Ron
pockets weighed down with rock cakes their
pockets'd been too polite to
refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons Harry'd had so far had
given Harry as much to think about as tea with Hagrid

    . Had Hagrid

    collected that grubby little package just in time? Where was that grubby little package now? And did
Hagrid

     know something about Professor Snape that Professor Snape didn't want to tell Harry?

    CHAPTER NINE.

    THE MIDNIGHT DUEL.

    Harry had never believed Harry would meet a boy Harry hated more than
Dudley, but that was before Harry met Draco Malfoy.    Still, first-year
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't
have to put up with Malfoy much. Or at least, they didn't until
they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that
made them all groan. Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday --
and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.

    "Typical," said Harry darkly. "Just what I always wanted. To
make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy."

    Harry had been looking forward to learning to fly more than
anything else.

    "You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
reasonably. "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good
Malfoy is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk."

    Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. "

    Malfay complained
loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams
and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with "

    Malfay
narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters. "

    Malfay wasn't the only one,
though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, "

    Malfay'd spent most of "

    Malfaychildhood zooming around the countryside on "

    Malfay . Ron Ron would tell anyone who'd listen about the time "

    Malfay'd almost hit a
hang glider on Charlie's old broom. Everyone from wizarding families
talked about Quidditch constantly. Ron had already had a big argument
with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer. Roncouldn't see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where
no one was allowed to fly. Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean's
poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.

    Professor Snape had never been on a broomstick in Professor Snape life, because Professor Snape
grandmother had never let Professor Snape near one. Privately, Harry felt his
grandmother'd
had good reason, because Professor Snape managed to have an extraordinary
number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.

    Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Professor Snapewas. This was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book
-- not that his
grandmother hadn't tried. At breakfast on Thursday his
grandmother bored
them all stupid with flying tips his
grandmother'd gotten out of a library
book called Quidditch Through the Ages. Professor Snape was hanging on to
his
grandmother every word, desperate for anything that might help Professor Snape hang on
to a broomstick in front of Malfoy later, but everybody else was very pleased when
Hermione's lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.

    Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid

    's note, something
that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. Malfoy's eagle
owl was always bringing Malfoy's eagle
owl packages of sweets from home, which Malfoy's eagle
owl
opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.

    A barn owl brought Professor Snape a small package from his
grandmother. Professor Snape opened a small package from his
grandmother excitedly and showed them a glass ball
the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.

    "It's a Remembrall!" Professor Snape explained. "Gran knows I forget things --
this tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do. Look,
you hold it tight like this and if it turns red -- oh..." Professor Snape face
fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,

    "You've forgotten something..."

    Professor Snape was trying to remember what "

    Neville'd forgotten when Draco
Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrallout of "

    Neville hand.

    Harry and Ron jumped to Harry and Ron feet. Harry and Ron were half hoping for
a reason to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot
trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.

    "What's going on?"

    "Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor."

    Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the
table.

    "Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and
Goyle behind he.

    At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other
Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for Ron, and the other
Gryffindors
first flying lesson. It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass
rippled under their feet as their marched down the sloping lawns
toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the
forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.

    the Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks
lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and George
Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of Fred and George
Weasley
started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly
to the left.

    Fred and George
Weasley teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short, gray hair,
and yellow eyes like a hawk.

    "Well, what are you all waiting for?" She barked. "Everyone
stand by a broomstick. Come on, hurry up."

    Harry glanced down at "

    Harry broom. It was old and some of the
twigs stuck out at odd angles.

    "Stick out your right hand over his broom," called Madam Hooch
at the front, "and say 'Up!"'

    "UPF everyone shouted.

    his broom jumped into Harry hand at once, but his broom was one
of the few that did. Hermione Granger had simply rolled over
on the ground, and Professor Snape's hadn't moved at all. Perhaps brooms,
like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there
was a quaver in Professor Snape's voice that said only too clearly that Harry
wanted to keep Harry feet on the ground.

    Madam Hooch
 then showed them how to mount them brooms without
sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting
them grips. Harry and Ron were delighted when Madam Hooch
 told Malfoy Malfoy'd
been doing it wrong for years.

    "Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground,
hard," said Madam Hooch
. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet,
and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On
my whistle -- three -- two --"

    But Professor Snape, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on
the ground, pushed off hard before my whistle had touched Madam Hooch
Hooch's lips.

    "Come back, boy!" Madam Hooch
 shouted, but Professor Snape was rising straight up
like a cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet. Harrysaw Harry scared white face look down at the ground falling away,
saw Harry gasp, slip sideways off his broom and --

    WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Professor Snape lay facedown on
the grass in a heap. a broomstick in front of Malfoy was still rising higher and
higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest
and out of sight.

    Madam Hooch
 was bending over Professor Snape, Madam Hooch
 face as white as Madam Hooch
.

    "Broken wrist,Harry Harry heard Madam Hooch
 mutter. "Come on, boy -- it's
all right, up you get.".

    Madam Hooch
 turned to the rest of the class.

    "None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital
wing! You leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of
Hogwarts before you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear."

    Professor Snape, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled
off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around his.

    No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into
laughter.

    "Did you see his face, the great lump?"

    The other Slytherins joined in.

    "Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.

    "Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy Parkinson, a
hard-faced Slytherin girl. "Never thought you'd like fat little
crybabies, Parvati."

    "Look!" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out
of the grass. "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him."

    the Remembrall glittered in the sun as him held the Remembrall up.

    "Give that here, Malfoy," said Harry quietly. Everyone stopped
talking to watch.

    Malfoy smiled nastily.

    "I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find --
how about -- up a tree?"

    "Give it here!" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto
a broomstick in front of Malfoy and taken off. Harry hadn't been lying, Harry could fly
well. Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak Harry called,
"Come and get Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, Potter!"

    Harry grabbed his broom.

    "No!" shouted Hermione Granger. "Madam Hooch
 told us not to
move -- you'll get us all into trouble."

    Harry ignored "

    Harry. Blood was pounding in "

    Harry ears. "

    Harry mounted his broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up "

    Harry soared; air
rushed through "

    Harry hair, and "

    Harry robes whipped out behind "

    Harry -and
in a rush of fierce joy "

    Harry realized "

    Harry'd found something "

    Harry could do
without being taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful. "

    Harry pulled
"

    Harry broomstick up a little to take his broomstick up a little even higher, and heard screams
and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.

    "

    Harry turned a broomstick in front of Malfoy sharply to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoylooked stunned.

    "Give it here,Harry Harry called, "or I'll knock you off that
broom!" "Oh, yeah?" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking
worried.

    Harry knew, somehow, what to do. Harry leaned forward and grasped
his broom tightly in both hands, and his broom shot toward Malfay like a
javelin. Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made
a sharp about-face and held his broom steady. A few people below
were clapping.

    "No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,"
Harry called.

    The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.

    "Catch it if you can, then!" Harry shouted, and Harry threw the glass
ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.

    Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the
air and then start to fall. Harry leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down -- next second Harry was gathering speed in a steep
dive, racing the ball -- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with
the screams of people watching -- Harry stretched out Harry hand -- a
foot from the ground Harry caught it, just in time to pull his broomstraight, and Harry toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrallclutched safely in Harry fist.

    Potter!"

    Harry heart sank faster than Harry'd just dived. Professor McGonagall
was running toward them. Professor McGonagall
 got to Professor McGonagall
 , trembling.

    "Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --Professor McGonagall
 was almost speechless with shock, and Professor McGonagall

glasses flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken
your neck --"

    "It wasn't Professor McGonagall
 fault, Professor --"

    "Be quiet, Miss Patil

    "But Malfoy --"

    "That's enough, George
Weasley. Potter, follow me, now."

    Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant
faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as
Professor McGonagall
 strode toward the castle. he was going to be expelled, he just
knew it. he wanted to say something to defend he, but there
seemed to be something wrong with he voice. Professor McGonagall
was sweeping along without even looking at Professor McGonagall
; Professor McGonagall
 had to jog to
keep up. Now Professor McGonagall
'd done it. Professor McGonagall
 hadn't even lasted two weeks. Professor McGonagall
'd
be packing Professor McGonagall
 bags in ten minutes. What would the Dursleys say
when Professor McGonagall
 turned up on the doorstep?

    Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still
Professor McGonagall
 didn't say a word to Professor McGonagall
. Professor McGonagall
 wrenched open
doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably
behind Professor McGonagall
. Maybe Professor McGonagall
 was taking Professor McGonagall
 to Dumbledore. Professor McGonagall
 thought of
Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps Professor McGonagall

could be Hagrid's assistant. Professor McGonagall
 stomach twisted as Professor McGonagall
 imagined
it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, while Professor McGonagall
 stumped
around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.

    Professor McGonagall
 stopped outside a classroom. Professor McGonagall
 opened
the door and poked Professor McGonagall
 head inside.

    "Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for
a moment?"

    Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane Professor McGonagall
 was going
to use on Harry?

    But "

    Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who
came out of Flitwicles class looking confused.

    "Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall
, and they
marched on up the corridor, "

    Wood looking curiously at Harry.

    "In here."

    Professor McGonagall
 pointed them into a classroom that was empty
except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.

    "Out, Peeves!" she barked. Peeves threw the chalk into a
bin, which clanged loudly, and Peeves swooped out cursing. Professorslammed the door behind Professor McGonagall
 and turned to face the
two boys.

    "Potter, this is "

    Wood. "

    Wood I've found you a Seeker."

    Wood's expression changed from puzzlement to delight.

    "Are you serious, Professor?"

    "Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall
 Professor McGonagall
 crisply. "The boy's
a natural. I've never seen anything like The boy's
. Was that your first
time on a broomstick, Potter?"

    Harry nodded silently. "

    Harry didn't have a clue what was going on,
but "

    Harry didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling
started coming back to "

    Harry legs.

    ""

    Harry caught that thing in "

    Harry hand after a fifty-foot dive,"
Professor McGonagall
 told "

    Wood. "Didn't even scratch "

    Harry. George
Weasley couldn't have done it."

    Wood was now looking as though all George
Weasley dreams had come true
at once.

    "Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?" he asked excitedly.

    "Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall
explained.

    "he's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking
around Harry and staring at he. "Light -- speedy -- we'll have
to get he a decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or
a Cleansweep Seven, I'd say."

    I shall speak to Dumbledore and see if we can't bend
the first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last
year. Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look
Severus Snape in the face for weeks....Professor McGonagall
 peered sternly over Professor McGonagall
 glasses at Harry.

    "I want to hear you're training hard, Potter, or I may change
my mind about punishing you."

    Then Professor McGonagall
 suddenly smiled.

    "Your father would have been proud," Professor McGonagall
 said. "Your father was an
excellent Quidditch player himself."

    "You're joking."

    It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron what had
happened when Harry'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall
. Ronhad a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to Ron mouth, but Ron'd
forgotten all about it.

    "Seeker?" Ron said. "But first years never -- you must be the
youngest house player in about a century, said Harry, shoveling pie
into his mouth. Harry felt particularly hungry after the excitement
of the afternoon. ""

    Wood told me.Ron Ron was so amazed, so impressed, Harry just sat and gaped at Harry.

    "I start training next week," said Harry. "Only don't tell
anyone, "

    Wood wants to keep "

    Wood a secret."

    Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry,
and hurried over.

    "Well done," said George Weasley in a low voice. ""

    Wood told Harry,
. Harry,
're
on the team too -- Beaters."

    "I tell you, Harry,
're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure
this year," said "

    Fred. "Harry,
 haven't won since Charlie
 left, but
this yearis going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry,
Wood was almost skipping when Charlie
 told Harry,
."

    "Anyway, Harry,
've got to go, Charlie
 reckons Charlie
's found a new
secret passageway out of the school."

    "Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that
Harry,
 found in Harry,
 first week. See you."

    "

    Fred and George Weasley had hardly disappeared when someone far less
welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.

    "Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train
back to the Muggles?"

    "You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and
you've got your little friends with you," said Harry coolly. There
was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as
the High Table was full of teachers, neither of teachers could do more
than crack teachers knuckles and scowl.

    "I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight,
if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only -- no contact. What's the
matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?"

    "Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm he second,
who's he?"

    Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing Crabbe and Goyle up.

    Crabbe and Goyle," "

    Malfoy said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the
trophy room; that's always unlocked."

    When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other. "What
is a wizard's duel?" said Harry. "And what do you mean, you're
my second?"

    "Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Roncasually, getting started at last on Ron cold pie. Catching the
look on Harry's face, Ron added quickly, "But people only die
in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and
Malfoy'll be able to do is send sparks at each other. Neither of
you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet Ron expected
you to refuse, anyway."

    "And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?"

    "Throw it away and punch Ron on the nose," Ron suggested. "Excuse
me."

    They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger.

    "Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.

    Hermione ignored Ron and spoke to Harry.

    "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"

    "Bet you could," Ron muttered.

    "--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night,
think of the points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and
you're bound to be. It's really very selfish of you."

    "And it's really none of your business," said Harry.

    "Good-bye," said Ron.

    All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the
day, Harry thought, as Harry lay awake much later listening to Dean
and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital
wing). Ron had spent all evening giving Ron advice such as "If Ron
tries to curse you, you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember
how to block advice such." There was a very good chance advice such were going to
get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt Harry was pushing
Harry luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand,
Malfoys sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness - this
was Harry big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. Harry couldn't miss it.

    "Half-past eleven," Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go."

    "we pulled on "we bathrobes, picked up "we wands, and
crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into
the Gryffindor common room. A few embers were still glowing in the
fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. all the armchairs
had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the
chair nearest all the armchairs, "I can't believe you're going to do this, Harry."

    A lamp flickered on. A lamp flickered on was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink
bathrobe and a frown.

    "You!" said Ron furiously. "Go back to bed!"

    "I almost told your brother," Hermione snapped, "Percy --
Percy's a prefect, Percy'd put a stop to this."

    Harry couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.

    "Come on," Harry said to Ron. Harry pushed open the portrait of the
Fat Lady and climbed through the portrait hole.

    Hermione wasn't going to give up that easily. Hermione followed Ronthrough the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.

    "Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about
yourselves, I don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll
lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall
 for knowing
about Switching Spells."

    "Go away." "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what
I said when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"

    But what they were, they didn't find out. Hermione had turned to
the portrait of the
Fat Lady the
Fat Lady to get back inside and found the
Fat Lady
facing an empty painting. the
Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime
visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.

    "Now what am I going to do?" the
Fat Lady asked shrilly.

    "That's your problem," said Ron. "We've got to go, We 3 re
going to be late."

    They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Hermionecaught up with They.

    "I'm coming with you," the
Fat Lady said.

    "You are not."

    "D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch
to catch me? If D'you finds all three of We I'll tell D'you the truth,
that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up."

    "You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.

    "Shut up, both of you!" said Harry sharply. I heard something."

    It was a sort of snuffling.

    "Mrs. Norris?" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.

    It wasn't Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. Neville was curled up on the
floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.

    "Thank goodness you found me! I've been out here for hours,
I couldn't remember the new password to get in to bed."

    "Keep your voice down, Neville. the new password to get in to bed's 'Pig snout'
but the new password to get in to bed won't help you now, the
Fat Lady's gone off somewhere."

    "How's your arm?" said Harry.

    "Fine," said Neville, showing them. "Madam Pomfrey mended it
in about a minute."

    "Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll
see you later --"

    "Don't leave me!" said Neville, scrambling to Neville feet, "I don't
want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.Ron Ron looked at Ron watch and then glared furiously at Hermioneand Neville.

    "If either of you get we caught, I'll never rest until I've
learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told we about, and used
it on you.

    Hermione opened Hermione mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to
use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at Hermione to be quiet
and beckoned them all forward.

    them flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from
the high windows. At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch
or Mrs. Norris, but them were lucky. them sped up a staircase to
the third floor and tiptoed toward the
trophy room.

    Malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet. The crystal trophy cases
glimmered where the moonlight caught Malfoy and Crabbe. Cups, shields, plates,
and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. Cups, shields, plates,
and statues edged
along the walls, keeping Cups, shields, plates,
and statues eyes on the doors at either end
of the
trophy room. Harry took out Harry wand in case Malfoy leapt in and
started at once. The minutes crept by.

    "Harry's late, maybe Harry's chickened out," Ron whispered.

    Then a noise in the
trophy room made them jump. Harry had only just
raised his wand when them heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.

    "Sniff around, my sweet, them might be lurking in a corner."

    It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved
madly at the other three to follow Harry as quickly as possible; them
scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. Neville's
robes had barely whipped round a corner when Neville's
robes heard Filchenter the
trophy room.

    "Neville's
robes're in here somewhere," Neville's
robes heard Filch mutter, "probably
hiding."

    "This way!" Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, the others
began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. the others could
hear Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened
squeak and broke into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the
waist, and the pair of the others toppled right into a suit of armor.

    The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.

    "RUN!" Harry yelled, and the four of the others sprinted down a long gallery full of suits of armor, not looking back to see whether Filch was following --
the others swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then
another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where the others were or
where the others were going -- the others ripped through a tapestry and found
the others in a hidden passageway, hurtled along the doorpost and came out
near the others Charms classroom, which the others knew was miles from the
trophy room.

    "I think we've lost him," Harry panted, leaning against the
cold wall and wiping him forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing
and spluttering.

    I -- told -you," Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in
Neville chest, "I -- told -- you."

    "we've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly
as possible."

    "Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry. "You realize that,
don't you? him was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone
was going to be in the
trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped someone
 off."

    Harry thought "

    Harry was probably right, but him wasn't going to
tell "

    Harry that.

    "Let's go."

    It wasn't going to be that simple. They hadn't gone more than
a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting
out of a classroom in front of They.

    It was Peeves. him caught sight of They and gave a squeal
of delight.

    "Shut up, Peeves -- please -- you'll get us thrown out."

    Peeves cackled.

    "Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut,
tut. Naughty, naughty, you'll get caughty."

    "Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please."

    "Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice,
but Peeves eyes glittered wickedly. "It's for your own good, you know."

    "Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peevesthis was a big mistake.

    "STUDENTS OUT OF BED!" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED
DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR"

    Ducking under Peeves, they ran for they lives, right to the end
of the corridor where they slammed into a door -- and right to the end
of the corridor where they slammed into a door was locked.

    "This is it!" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door,
"they're done for! This is the end!" they could hear footsteps,
Filch running as fast as Ron could toward Peeves's shouts.

    "Oh, move over," Hermione snarled. Hermione grabbed Harry's wand,
tapped the lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!"

    The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through
"

    The lock, shut "

    The lock quickly, and pressed they ears against "

    The lock, listening.

    "Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick,
tell me."

    "Say 'please."'

    "Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?"

    "Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in
Peeves annoying singsong voice.

    "All right -please."

    "NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you
didn't say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!" And they heard the sound of
Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.

    "Peeves thinks the door is locked,Harry Harry whispered. "I think
we'll be okay -- get off, Neville!" For Neville had been tugging
on the sleeve of Harry's bathrobe for the last minute. "What?"

    Harry turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what. For a
moment, Peeves was sure Peeves'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too
much, on top of everything that had happened so far.

    They weren't in a room, as Peeves had supposed. They were in a
corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now They
knew why The forbidden corridor on the third floor was forbidden.

    They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog,
a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor had
three heads. Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching

    and quivering in They direction; three drooling mouths, saliva
hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.

    It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at They,
and Harry knew that the only reason They weren't already dead
was that They sudden appearance had taken their sudden appearance by surprise, but their sudden appearance
was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those
thunderous growls meant.

    Harry groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death,
Harry'd take Filch.

    They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and They ran,
They almost flew, back down a
corridor. Filch must have hurried
off to look for They somewhere else, because They didn't see Filch
anywhere, but They hardly cared -- all They wanted to do was put as
much space as possible between They and that monster. They didn't
stop running until They reached the portrait of the
Fat Lady the
Fat Lady on
the seventh floor.

    "Where on earth have you all been?" she asked, looking at
their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed,
sweaty faces.

    "Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Harry, and
the portrait swung forward. their scrambled into the
trophy roomand collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.

    It was a while before any of their said anything. Neville,
indeed, looked as if Neville'd never speak again.

    "What do they think they're doing, keeping a thing like that
locked up in a school?" said Ron finally. "If any dog needs exercise,
that one does."

    Hermione had got both Hermione breath and Hermione bad temper back
again. "You don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?" Hermione
snapped. "Didn't you see what it was standing on.

    "The floor?" Harry suggested. "I wasn't looking at it feet,
I was too busy with it heads."

    "No, not the floor. not the floor was standing on a trapdoor. It's obviously
guarding something."

    She stood up, glaring at them.

    I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been
killed -- or worse, expelled. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going
to bed.Ron Ron stared after She, Ron mouth open.

    "No, We don't mind," Ron said. "You'd think We dragged She along,
wouldn't you.

    But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as
Harry climbed back into bed. The dog was guarding something.... What
had Hagrid said? Gringotts was the safest place in the world for
something you wanted to hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.

    Gringotts looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby littie
package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.

    CHAPTER TEN.

    HALLOWEEN.

    Malfoy couldn't believe Malfoy eyes when Malfoy saw that Harry and Ronwere still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly
cheerful. Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron
 thought that
meeting The dog had been an excellent adventure, and
Harry and Ron
 were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harryfilled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved
from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and Harry and Ron
 spent a lot of time wondering
what could possibly need such heavy protection. "It's either really
valuable or really dangerous," said Ron. "Or both," said Harry.

    But as all Harry and Ron
 knew for sure about the mysterious object was
that the mysterious object was about two inches long, Harry and Ron
 didn't have much chance of
guessing what it was without further clues.

    Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in
what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. Neville's
 cared
about was never going near The dog again.

    Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron
, but Hermione was
such a bossy know-it-all that Harry and Ron
 saw this as an added bonus. All
Harry and Ron
 really wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to
Harry and Ron
 great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about
a week later.

    As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's
attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by
six large screech owls. Harry was just as interested as everyone
else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped this large parcel right in front of Harry, knocking
Harry bacon to the third floor. the owls had hardly fluttered out of the way
when another owl dropped a letter on top of this large parcel.

    Harry ripped open a letter on top of the parcel first, which was lucky, because
a letter on top of the parcel said:

    DO NOT OPEN this large parcel AT THE TABLE.

    a letter on top of the parcel contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want
everybody knowing you've got a broomstick or everybody'll all want
one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at
seven o'clock for your first training session.

    Harry Harry had difficulty hiding Harry glee as Harry handed the note to
Ron to read.

    "A Nimbus Two Thousand!" Ron moaned enviously. "I've never even
touched one."

    They left the Great Hall quickly, wanting to unwrap a broomstick in
private before They first class, but halfway across the entrance
hall They found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoyseized the package from Harry and felt the package.

    "That's a broomstick," he said, throwing the package back to Harry with
a mixture of jealousy and spite on Harry face. "You'll be in for it
this time, Potter, first years aren't allowed Potter."

    Ron couldn't resist it.

    "It's not any old broomstick," Ron said, "it's a Nimbus Two
Thousand. What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two
Sixty?" Ron grinned at Harry. "Comets look flashy, but Comets're not
in the same league as the Nimbus."

    "What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half
the handle," Malfoy snapped back. "I suppose you and your brothers
have to save up twig by twig."

    Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at
Malfoy's elbow.

    "Not arguing, I hope, boys?" Professor Flitwick squeaked.

    "Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoyquickly.

    "Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming
at Harry. "Professor Flitwick told me all about the special
circumstances, Potter. And what model is it?"

    "A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Harry, fighting not to laugh
at the look of horror on Malfoy's face. "And it's really thanks to
Malfoy here that I've got it," he added.

    Harry and Ron
 headed upstairs, smothering Harry and Ron
 laughter at
Malfoy's obvious rage and confusion. "Well, it's true," Harry
chortled as " Harry
 reached the top of the marble staircase, "If Harry

hadn't stolen Neville's Remembrall I wouln't be on the team...."

    "So I suppose you think that's a reward for breaking rules?" came
an angry voice from just behind them. Hermione was stomping up the
stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry's hand.

    "I thought you weren't speaking to us?" said Harry.

    "Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good.Hermione marched away with Hermione nose in the air.

    Harry had a lot of trouble keeping Harry mind on Harry lessons that
day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where Harry new broomstick
was lying under Harry bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field
where Harry'd be learning to play that night. Harry bolted Harry dinner
that evening without noticing what Harry was eating, and then rushed
upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.

    "Wow," Ron sighed, as his new broomstick
 rolled onto Harry's
bedspread.

    Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought
it looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it
had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand
written in gold near the top.

    As seven o'clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off
in the dusk toward the Quidditch field. Held never been inside the
stadium before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the
field so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going
on. At either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops
on the end. They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle

    children blew bubbles through, except that Muggle

    children were fifty
feet high.

    Too eager to fly again to wait for Oliver Wood, Harry mounted his new broomstick
 and kicked off from the ground. What a feeling -- Harry
swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the
field. The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever Harry wanted at Harry
lightest touch.

    "Hey, Potter, come down!'

    Oliver Wood had arrived. fie was carrying a large wooden crate
under fie arm. Harry landed next to fie.

    "Very nice," said Wood, Harry eyes glinting. "I see what Professor Flitwick
meant... you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you
the rules this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three
times a week."

    McGonagall
 opened a large wooden crate
. Inside were four different-sized balls.

    "Right," said Oliver Wood. "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand,
even if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each
side. Three of seven players on each
side are called Chasers."

    "Three Chasers,Harry Harry repeated, as Oliver Wood took out a bright red
ball about the size of a soccer ball.

    "a bright red
ball about the size of a soccer ball's called the Quaffle," said Oliver Wood. "The Chasersthrow the Quaffle to each other and try and get the Quaffle through one of
the hoops to score a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes
through one of the hoops. Follow me?"

    "The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put the Quaffle through the hoops
to score," Harry recited. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on
broomsticks with six hoops, isn't it?"

    "What's basketball?" said Oliver Wood curiously. "Never mind," said
Harry quickly.

    "Now, there's another player on each side who's called the
Keeper -I'm Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops
and stop the other team from scoring."

    "Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Harry, who was determined
to remember it all. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got
that. So what are they for?" He pointed at the three balls left
inside the box.

    "I'll show you now," said Oliver Wood. "Take this."

    He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.

    "I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Oliver Wood said. "These
two are the Bludgers."

    He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly
smaller than the Quafflethe Quaffle. Harry noticed that they seemed to be
straining to escape the straps holding they inside the box.

    "Stand back," Wood warned Harry. Harry bent down and freed one of
the Bludgers.

    At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted
straight at Harry's face. Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it
from breaking Harry nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air --
it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on
top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.

    "See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into a large wooden crate
 and strapping a large wooden crate
 down safely. "the Bludgers rocket around,
trying to knock players off players brooms. That's why you have the Beaters -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's the Weasley twinsjob to protect the Weasley twins side from the Bludgers and try and knock the Weasley twins
toward the other team. So -- think you've got all that?"

    "Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards
the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from Three Chasers team,"
Harry reeled off.

    "Very good," said Oliver Wood.

    "Er -- have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Harry asked,
hoping Harry sounded offhand.

    "Never at Hogwarts. We've had a couple of broken jaws but
nothing worse than that. Now, the last member of the team is the

    Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the
Quaffle or the Bludgers unless they crack my head open."

    "Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers-- I mean, the Weasleys're like a pair of the Bludgers."

    Wood reached into a large wooden crate
 and took out the fourth and last
ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Bludgers, "

    Wood was tiny,
about the size of a large walnut. "

    Wood was bright gold and had little
fluttering silver wings.

    "This," said "

    Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most
important ball of the lot. It's very hard to catch because it's
so fast and difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch
it. You've got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters,
Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team's Seeker,
because whichever Seeker catches the Golden Snitch wins the Golden Snitch team an extra
hundred and fifty points, so they

    nearly always win. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game
of Quidditch only ends when the Golden Snitch is caught, so it can go on
for ages -- I think the record is three months, A game
of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on
for ages had to keep
bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep. "Well,
that's it -- any questions?"

    Harry shook Harry head. Harry understood what Harry had to do all right,
it was doing it that was going to be the problem.

    "We won't practice with the Golden Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully
shutting it back inside a large wooden crate
, "it's too dark, We might lose
it. Let's try you out with a few of these."

    Harry pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of Harry pocket and a
few minutes later, Harry and Harry were up in the air, "

    Wood throwing the
golf balls as hard as Harry could in every direction for Harry to catch.

    Harry didn't miss a single one, and "

    Wood was delighted. After
half an hour, night had really fallen and he and Harry couldn't carry on.

    "That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said
Wood happily as he and Harry trudged back up to the castle. "I wouldn't
be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and Charlie Weasley
could have played for England if Charlie Weasley hadn't gone off chasing dragons."

    Perhaps it was because Charlie Weasley was now so busy, what with Quidditchpractice three evenings a week on top of all Charlie Weasley homework, but
Harry could hardly believe it when Harry realized that Harry'd already
been at Hogwarts two months. the castle felt more like home than
Privet Drive ever had. Harry lessons, too, were becoming more and
more interesting now that His lessons had mastered the basics.

    On Halloween morning His lessons woke to the delicious smell of baking
pumpkin wafting through the corridors. Even better, Professor
Flitwick announced in Charms that Professor
Flitwick thought His lessons were ready
to start making objects fly, something His lessons had all been dying
to try since His lessons'd seen Professor
Flitwick make Neville's toad zoom around
the classroom. Professor
Flitwick put the class into pairs to
practice. Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which was a relief,
because Neville had been trying to catch Neville eye). Ron, however,
was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether
Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. Hermione hadn't spoken to either
of Ron or Hermione since the day his new broomstick
 had arrived.

    "Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been
practicing!" squeaked Professor
Flitwick, perched on top of Professor
Flitwick
pile of books as usual. "Swish and flick, remember, swish and
flick. And saying the magic words properly is very important,
too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said 's' instead of 'f'
and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on himself chest."

    It was very difficult. Harry and Seamus swished and flicked,
but the feather Harry and Seamus were supposed to be sending skyward just lay
on the desktop. Seamus got so impatient that Seamus prodded it with
Seamus wand and set fire to it -- Harry had to put it out with Harry hat.

    Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.

    "Wingardium Leviosa!" Ron shouted, waving Ron long arms like
a windmill.

    "You're saying it wrong,Harry Harry heard Hermione snap. "It's
Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long."

    "You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.

    Hermione rolled up the sleeves of Hermione gown, flicked Hermione wand,
and said, "Wingardium Leviosa!"

    Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet
above Their heads.

    "Oh, well done!" cried Professor
Flitwick, clapping. "Everyone
see here, Miss Granger's done it!"

    Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. "It's no
wonder no one can stand her," "

    Ron said to Harry as they pushed they
way into the crowded corridor, "her's a nightmare, honestly. "

    Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past "

    Someone. It was
Hermione. Harry caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled
to see that her was in tears.

    "I think her heard you."

    "So?" said Ron, but Ron looked a bit uncomfortable. "her must've
noticed her's got no friends."

    Hermione didn't turn up for the class and wasn't seen all
afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween
feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend
Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted
to be left alone. Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a
moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween
decorations put Hermione out of they minds.

    A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while
a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making
the candles in the pumpkins stutter. the Halloween
feast appeared suddenly
on the golden plates, as the Halloween
feast had at the start-of-term banquet.

    Harry was just helping Harry to a baked potato when Professor
Quirrell came sprinting into the Great Hall, Harry turban askew and terror on
Harry face. Everyone stared as Harry reached Professor Dumbledore's chair,
slumped against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons --
thought you ought to know."

    Harry then sank to the floor in a dead faint.

    There was an uproar. an uproar took several purple firecrackers
exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore's wand to bring
silence.

    "Prefects," Harry rumbled, "lead your Houses back to the dormitories
immediately!"

    Percy was in "

    Percy element.

    "Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the
troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind "

    Percy, now. Make way,
first years coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!"

    "How could a troll get in?" Harry asked as a troll climbed the
stairs.

    "Don't ask me, a troll're supposed to be really stupid," said
Ron. "Maybe Peeves let Peeves in for a Halloween joke."

    a troll passed different groups of people hurrying in different
directions. As a troll jostled a troll way through a crowd of confused
Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.

    "I've just thought -- Hermione."

    "What about Hermione?"

    "Hermione doesn't know about the
troll."

    Ron bit "

    Ron lip.

    "Oh, all right," "

    Ron snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."

    Ducking down, they joined confused
Hufflepuffs going the other way,
slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the
girls' bathroom. they had just turned the corner when they heard
quick footsteps behind they.

    "Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.

    Peering around a large stone griffin, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. Percy
crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.

    "What's Percy doing?" Harry whispered. "Why isn't Percy down in the
dungeons with the rest of the teachers?"

    "Search me."

    Quietly as possible, they crept along the corridor after
Snape's fading footsteps.

    "Percy's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held
up Percy hand.

    "Can you smell something?Harry Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached Harry nostrils, a mixture
of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.

    And then they heard it -- a low grunting, and the shuffling
footfalls of gigantic feet. Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage
to the left, something huge was moving toward they. they shrank
into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.

    it was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, it skin was a dull,
granite gray, its skin great lumpy body like a boulder with its skin small
bald head perched on top like a coconut. its skin had short legs thick
as tree trunks with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from its skin was
incredible. The smell coming from it was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along
the third floor because The smell coming from it arms were so long.

    the
troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. the
troll waggled
the
troll long ears, making up the
troll tiny mind, then slouched slowly into
the room.

    "The keys in the lock," Harry muttered. "We could lock the
troll in."

    "Good idea," said Ron nervously.

    the
troll edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the
trollwasn't about to come out of the
troll. With one great leap, Harry managed
to grab the key, slam the open door, and lock the key.

    'Yes!"

    Flushed with the
troll victory, the
troll started to run back up the
passage, but as the
troll reached the corner the
troll heard something that
made the
troll hearts stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was
coming from the chamber the
troll'd just chained up.

    "Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.

    "It's the girls' bathroom!" Harry gasped.

    "Hermione!" Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron said together.

    It was the last thing Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron wanted to do, but what choice did
Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron have? Wheeling around, Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron sprinted back to the open door and
turned the key, fumbling in Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron panic. Harry pulled the open door open
and Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron ran inside.

    Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite,
looking as if Hermione Granger was about to faint. the
troll was advancing on Hermione Granger,
knocking the sinks off the walls as the
troll went.

    "Confuse it!" Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap,
Harry threw a tap as hard as Harry could against the wall.

    the
troll stopped a few feet from Hermione. the
troll lumbered around,
blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. the
troll mean little
eyes saw Harry. the
troll hesitated, then made for Harry instead, lifting
the
troll club as the
troll went.

    "Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber,
and Ron threw a metal pipe at a metal pipe. the
troll didn't even seem to
notice a metal pipe hitting the
troll shoulder, but a metal pipe heard the yell and
paused again, turning a metal pipe ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving
Harry time to run around its ugly snout.

    "Come on, run, run!" Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull
Hermione toward the open door, but Hermione couldn't move, Hermione was still flat
against the wall, Hermione mouth open with terror.

    The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the
trollberserk. the
troll roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest
and had no way to escape.

    Harry then did something that was both very brave and very
stupid: Harry took a great running jump and managed to fasten Harry arms
around the
troll's neck from behind. the
troll couldn't feel Harryhanging there, but the
troll will notice if you stick a long bit
of wood up the
troll nose, and Harry's wand had still been in Harry hand when
Harry'd jumped -- Harry's wand had gone straight up one of the
troll's nostrils.

    Howling with pain, the
troll twisted and flailed the
troll club,
with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the
troll was
going to rip Harry off or catch Harry a terrible blow with the club.

    Hermione had sunk to the third floor in fright; Ron pulled out Ron
own wand -- not knowing what Ron was going to do Ron heard Ron
cry the first spell that came into Ron head: "Wingardium Leviosa!"

    the club flew suddenly out of the
troll's hand, rose high, high
up into the air, turned slowly over -- and dropped, with a sickening
crack, onto the club owner's head. the
troll swayed on the spot and then
fell flat on the
troll face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.

    Harry got to Harry feet. Harry was shaking and out of breath. Ronwas standing there with Harry's wand still raised, staring at what Ron
had done.

    It was Hermione who spoke first.

    "Is it -- dead?"

    I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked
out."

    Harry bent down and pulled Harry's wand out of the
troll's nose. the troll's nose
was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.

    "Urgh -- troll boogers."

    Ron wiped it on the
troll's trousers.

    A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them
look up. them hadn't realized what a racket them had been making,
but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and
the troll's roars. A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come
bursting into the whole room, closely followed by Snape, with Professor
Quirrellbringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the
troll, let out a
faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching Professor McGonagall heart.

    Snape bent over the
troll. Professor McGonagall was looking at
Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen Harry look so angry. Harry lips
were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded
quickly from Harry's mind.

    "What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall,
with cold fury in Harry voice. Harry looked at Ron, who was still
standing with Harry wand in the air. "You're lucky you weren't
killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look. Harry looked at the floor. Harry wished Ron would put Harry's wand down.

    Then a small voice came out of the shadows.

    "Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for Professor McGonagall."

    "Miss Granger!"

    Hermione had managed to get to his feet at last.

    I went looking for the
troll because I -- I thought I could deal
with the
troll on my own -- you know, because I've read all about the
troll."

    Ron dropped Harry's wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie
to a teacher? "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck
Harry wand up its nose and Ron knocked its out with its own club. They
didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish
me off when They arrived."

    Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new
to They.

    "Well -- in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring
at the three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could
you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?"

    Hermione hung his head. Harry was speechless. Hermione was the
last person to do anything against the rules, and here Hermione was,
pretending Hermione had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape
had started handing out sweets.

    ""Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor
for this," said Professor McGonagall. "I'm very disappointed in
you. If you're not hurt at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor
tower. Students are finishing the feast in Students houses.Hermione left.

    Professor McGonagall turned to "

    Harry and Ron.

    "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years
could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win
Gryffindor five points. Professor McGonagall will be informed of
this. You may go."

    They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until
They had climbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from
the smell of the
troll, quite apart from anything else.

    "We should have gotten more than ten points,Ron Ron grumbled.

    "Five, you mean, once she's taken off Hermione's."

    "Good of she to get We out of trouble like that," Ronadmitted. "Mind you, We did save she."

    "she might not have needed saving if We hadn't locked the thing
in with she,Harry Harry reminded Ron.

    They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.

    "Pig snout," They said and entered.

    The common room was packed and noisy. Everyone was eating the
food that had been sent up. Hermione, however, stood alone by the
door, waiting for Everyone. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then,
none of Everyone looking at each other, none of them said "Thanks," and
hurried off to get plates.

    But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their
friend. There are some things you can't share without ending up
liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll
is one of some things you can't share without ending up
liking each other.

    CHAPTER ELEVEN.

    QUIDDITCH.

    As they entered November, the weather turned very cold. The
mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled
steel. Every morning the ground was covered in frost. Hagrid could
be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the
QUIDDITCH field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit
fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.

    The Quidditch season had begun. On Saturday, Harry would
be playing in Harry first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor
versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, Gryffindor would move up into second
place in the house championship.

    Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that,
as Gryffindor secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But
the news that Harry was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and
Harry didn't know which was worse -- people telling Harry Harry'd be
brilliant or people telling Harry people'd be running around underneath
Harry holding a mattress.

    It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend. Harry
didn't know how Harry'd have gotten through all Harry homework without

, what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was
making what do. 
 had also tent Harry Quidditch Through the Ages,
which turned out to be a very interesting read.

    Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing
a Quidditch foul and that all of seven hundred ways of committing
a Quidditch foul had happened during a World
Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and
fastest players, and that most serious QUIDDITCH accidents seemed to
happen to seven hundred ways of committing
a Quidditch foul; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch,
referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the
Sahara Desert.

    Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules
since Harry and Ron had saved Hermione from the mountain troll, and Hermione
was much nicer for it. The day before Harry's first Quidditch match
the three of Harry's first Quidditch match
 were out in the freezing courtyard during break,
and Hermione had conjured Harry's first Quidditch match
 up a bright blue fire that could be
carried around in a jam jar. Harry's first Quidditch match
 were standing with Harry's first Quidditch match
 backs
to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed
at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved
closer together to block a bright blue fire that could be
carried around in a jam jar from view; Harry, Ron, and Hermione were sure it
wouldn't be allowed. Unfortunately, something about Harry, Ron, and Hermione guilty
faces caught Snape's eye. Snape limped over. Snape hadn't seen a bright blue fire that could be
carried around in a jam jar,
but Snape seemed to be looking for a reason to tell Harry, Ron, and Hermione off anyway.

    "What's that you've got there, Potter?"

    It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Harry showed Harry.

    "Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said
Snape. "Give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor
."

    "Snape's just made that rule up,Harry Harry muttered angrily as Snapelimped away. "Wonder what's wrong with Snape leg?"

    "Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting Snape," said Ron bitterly.

    The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. Harry,
Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was
checking Harry and Ron's Charms homework for Harry,
Ron, and Hermione. Hermione would never
let Harry,
Ron, and Hermione copy ("How will you learn?"), but by asking Hermione to read
it through, Harry,
Ron, and Hermione got the right answers anyway.

    Harry felt restless. Harry wanted QUIDDITCH Through the Ages back,
to take Harry mind off Harry nerves about tomorrow. Why should Harry be
afraid of Snape? Getting up, Harry told Ron, and Hermione Harry was going
to ask Snape if Harry could have it.

    "Better you than Harry," Ron, and Hermione said together, but Harry had an idea
that Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.

    Snape made Snape way down to the staffroom and knocked. There was
no answer. Snape knocked again. Nothing.

    Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. Snape
pushed the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met
Snape eyes.

    Snape and Filch were inside, alone. Snape was holding Snape robes
above Snape knees. One of Snape legs was bloody and mangled. Filch was
handing Snape bandages.

    "Blasted thing*,Snape Snape was saying. "How are you supposed to
keep your eyes on all three heads at once?Harry Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but --

    "POTTER!"

    Snape's face was twisted with fury as Harry dropped his robes
above his kneesquickly to hide Harry leg. Harry gulped.

    "I just wondered if I could have the book back."

    "GET OUT! OUT!"

    Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from
Gryffindor. Harry sprinted back upstairs.

    "Did you get it?" Ron asked as Harry joined them. "What's
the matter?"

    In a low whisper, Harry told them what Harry'd seen.

    "You know what this means?" Harry finished breathlessly. "Harry tried
to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween! That's where Harry was
going when we saw Harry -- Harry's after whatever it's guarding! And Id
bet my broomstick Harry let that troll in, to make a diversion!Hermione's eyes were wide.

    "No -- Harry wouldn't, Hermione said. "I know Harry's not very nice,
but Harry wouldn't try and steal something Professor McGonagall was keeping safe."

    "Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or
something," snapped Ron. "I'm with Harry. I wouldn't put anything
past Snape. But what's Snape after? What's that dog guarding?Harry Harry went to bed with Snape head buzzing with the same
question. Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep. Harry
tried to empty Harry mind -- Harry needed to sleep, Harry had to, Harry had
Harry first The Quidditch match in a few hours -- but the expression on
Snape's face when Harry had seen Harry leg wasn't easy to forget.

    The next morning dawned very bright and cold. The Great Hall
was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer
ful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good The Quidditch match.

    "You've got to eat some breakfast."

    "I don't want anything."

    "Just a bit of toast," wheedled Hermione.

    "I'm not hungry.Harry Harry felt terrible. In an hour's time Harry'd be walking onto
the field.

    "Harry, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan. "Seekers
are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team."

    "Thanks, Seamus," said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on
Harry sausages.

    By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands
around the The Quidditch pitch. Many students had binoculars. The seats
might be raised high in the air, but The seats
 was still difficult to see
what was going on sometimes.

    Ron, and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham
fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, Ron, and Hermione had painted
a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined. It said
Potter for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done
a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed a
tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.

    Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team
were changing into Harry and the rest of the team
 scarlet The Quidditch robes (Slytherin would
be playing in green).

    Wood cleared Wood throat for silence.

    "Okay, men," Wood said.

    "And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.

    "And women," Wood agreed. "This is it."

    "The big one," said Fred Weasley.

    "The one we've all been waiting for," said George.

    "We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Harry, "We were
on the team
 last year."

    "Shut up, you two," said Wood. "This is the best team
Gryffindor's had in years. We're going to win. I know it."

    Harry glared at them all as if to say, "Or else."

    "Right. It's time. Good luck, all of you.Harry Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and,
hoping Harry knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field
to loud cheers.

    Madam Hooch was refereeing. Madam Hooch stood in the middle of the
field waiting for the two teams, Madam Hooch broom in Madam Hooch hand.

    "Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," Madam Hooch said, once they
were all gathered around Madam Hooch. Harry noticed that Madam Hooch seemed to
be speaking particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint,
a sixth year. Harry thought Flint looked as if Harry had some troll
blood in Harry. Out of the corner of Harry eye Harry saw the fluttering
banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the crowd. Potter for President
heart skipped. Potter for President felt braver.

    "Mount your brooms, please.Harry Harry clambered onto Harry Nimbus Two Thousand.

    Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on Madam Hooch silver whistle.

    Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. Fifteen brooms were
off. "And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of
Gryffindor -- what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather
attractive, too --"

    "JORDAN!"

    "Sorry, Professor."

    The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary
for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.

    "And Madam Hooch's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia
Spinnet, a good find of Wood, last year only a reserve --
back to Angelina Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle,
Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off Wood goes --
Flint flying like an eagle up there -- Wood's going to sc- no, stopped
by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors
take the Quaffle -- that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor
 there,
nice dive around Flint, off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must
have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken
by the Slytherins -- that's Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal
posts, but Adrian Pucey's blocked by a second Bludger -- sent Adrian Pucey way by Fred
or George Weasley, can't tell which -- nice play by the Gryffindor
Beater, anyway, and Angelina Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a
clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's really flying -- dodges
a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead -- come on, now,
Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses -- GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"

    Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans
from the Slytherins.

    "Budge up there, move along."

    "Hagrid!"

    Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give "Hagrid enough space
to join "

    Ron and Hermione.

    "Bin watchin' from me hut," said "Hagrid, patting a large pair
of binoculars around "Hagrid neck, "But it isn't the same as bein'
in the crowd. No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?"

    "Nope," said Ron. "Harry hasn't had much to do yet."

    "Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said "Hagrid,
raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that
was Harry.

    Way up above Hagrid,
raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that
was Harry, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting
about for some sign of the Snitch. This was part of Harry and Wood's
game plan.

    "Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,"
Wood had said. "We don't want you attacked before you have to be."

    When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of
loop-the-loops to let off Harry feelings. Now Harry was back to staring
around for the Snitch. Once Harry caught sight of a flash of gold, but
it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches,
and once a Bludger decided to come pelting Harry way, more like a
cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came
chasing after it.

    "All right there, Harry?" Harry had time to yell, as Harry beat a Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.

    "Slytherin in possession," Lee Jordan was saying, "Chaser Pucey
ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward
the -- wait a moment -- was that the Snitchthe Snitch?"

    A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the
Quaffle, too busy looking over Adrian Pucey shoulder at the flash of gold
that had passed Adrian Pucey left ear.

    Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement Adrian Pucey dived downward
after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs,
too. Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers
seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as
they hung in midair to watch.

    Harry was faster than Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs -- Harry could see the little round
ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead - - Harry put on an extra
spurt of speed --

    WHAM! A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below --
Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun
off course, Harry holding on for dear life.

    "Foul!" screamed the Gryffindors.

    Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free
shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the confusion,
of course, the Snitch had disappeared from sight again.

    Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send Dean Thomas off,
ref! Red card!"

    "What are you talking about, Dean Thomas?" said Ron.

    "Red card!" said Dean Thomas furiously. "In soccer you get shown the
red card and you're out of the game!"

    "But this isn't soccer, Dean Thomas," Ron reminded Dean Thomas.

    Hagrid, however, was on Dean Thomas's side.

    "They oughta change the rules. Flint coulda knocked Harry outta
the air."

    Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.

    "So -- after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating

    "Lee Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall.

    "I mean, after that open and revolting foul

    'Lee Jordan, I'm warning you --"

    "All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker,
which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor,
taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play,
Gryffindor still in possession."

    It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning
dangerously past Harry head, that it happened. Harry broom gave a
sudden, frightening lurch. For a split second, Harry thought Harry was
going to fall. Harry gripped His broom tightly with both Harry hands
and knees. Harry'd never felt anything like that.

    It happened again. It was as though His broom was trying to buck
His broom off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck
Nimbus Two Thousands riders off. Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor
goal- posts -- Harry had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out
-- and then Harry realized that His broom was completely out of Harry
control. Harry couldn't turn it. Harry couldn't direct it at all. it was
zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent
swishing movements that almost unseated Harry.

    Lee Jordan was still commentating.

    "Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes
Spinnet -- passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope
it broke Harry nose -- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score --
A no...

    the Slytherins were cheering. No one seemed to have noticed
that Harry's broom was behaving strangely. Harry's broom was carrying- Harry's broom
slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.

    "Dunno what Harry thinks Harry's doing," Hagrid mumbled. Harry stared
through his binoculars. "If I didn' know better, I'd say Harry'd lost
control of His broom... but Harry can't have...."

    Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the
stands. His broom had started to roll over and over, with Harry only
just managing to hold on. Then the crowd gasped. His broomhad given a wild jerk and Harry swung off His broom. Harry was now dangling
from His broom, holding on with only one hand.

    "Did something happen to it when Flint blocked Harry?" Seamus
whispered.

    "Can't have," Hagrid said, Harry voice shaking. "Can't nothing
interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic -- no kid
could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand."

    At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead
of looking up at Harry, Hermione started looking frantically at the crowd.

    "What are you doing?" moaned Ron, gray-faced.

    "I knew it,Hermione gasped, Snape -- look."

    Ron grabbed his binoculars. Snape was in the middle of the
stands opposite them. Snape had Snape eyes fixed on Harry and was
muttering nonstop under Snape breath.

    "Snape's doing something -- jinxing His broom," said Hermione.

    "What should we do?"

    "Leave it to me."

    Before "

    Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared. "

    Ronturned his binoculars back on Harry. "

    Ron was vibrating so
hard, His broom was almost impossible for "

    Ron to hang on much longer. the crowd was on the crowd feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys
flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of the crowd brooms, but
it was no good -- every time they got near "

    Ron, His broom would
jump higher still. they dropped lower and circled beneath "

    Ron,
obviously hoping to catch "

    Ron if "

    Ron fell. Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone
noticing.

    "Come on, Hermione,"

    Ron "

    Ron muttered desperately.

    Hermione had fought Hermione way across to the stand where Snape
stood, and was now racing along the row behind "

    Ron; Hermione didn't even
stop to say sorry as Hermione knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into
the row in front. Reaching Snape, Hermione crouched down, pulled out Hermione
wand, and whispered a few, well- chosen words. Bright blue flames
shot from her
wand onto the hem of Snape's robes.

    It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that Snape was
on fire. A sudden yelp told Hermione Hermione had done Hermione job. Scooping fire off Snape into a little jar in Hermione pocket, Hermione scrambled back
along the row -- Snape would never know what had happened.

    It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber
back on to His broom.

    "Neville, you can look!" "

    Ron said. Neville had been sobbing
into Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.

    Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw Harry
clap Harry hand to Harry mouth as though Harry was about to be sick --
Harry hit the field on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell
into his hand.

    "I've got the Snitch!" Harry shouted, waving it above Harry head,
and the game ended in complete confusion.

    "Harry didn't catch it, Harry nearly swallowed it,Flint was still
howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harryhadn't broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting
the results -- Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points
to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. Harry was being made a
cup of strong tea back in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.

    "It was Snape,"

    Ron "

    Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw "

    Ron. "

    Ron
was cursing your broomstick, muttering, "

    Ron wouldn't take "

    Ron eyes
off "Hermione and I."

    "Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had
gone on next to Lee Jordan in the stands. "Why would Snape do somethin'
like that?"

    Harry, "

    Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what
to tell Lee Jordan. Harry decided on the truth.

    "I found out something about Harry," Harry told Hagrid. "Harry tried to
get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit Harry. We think
Harry was trying to steal whatever It's guarding."

    Hagrid dropped the teapot.

    "How do you know about Fluffy?" Harry said.

    "Fluffy?"

    "Yeah -- Harry's mine -- bought Harry off a Greek chappie I met in
the pub las' year -- I lent Harry to Dumbledore to guard the

    "Yes?" said Harry eagerly.

    "Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top
secret, that is."

    "But Snape's trying to steal the

    ."

    "Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher,
Snape'd do nothin' of the sort."

    "So why did Snape just try and kill Harry?" cried Hermione.

    The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her
mind about Snape.

    I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about a jinx when I see one, Hagrid!

    You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all,
I saw Snape!"

    "I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know
why Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill
a student! Now, listen to me, all three of yeh -- yer meddlin'
in things that don' concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that
dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor
Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel --"

    "Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel
involved, is there?"

    Hagrid looked furious with "

    Hagrid.

    CHAPTER TWELVE.

    THE MIRROR OF ERISED.

    Christmas was coming. One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts
woke to find Hogwarts
 covered in several feet of snow. The lake froze
solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several
snowballs so that the Weasley twins followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the
back of Quirrell turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way
through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to
health by Hagrid before The few owls that managed to battle their way
through the stormy sky to deliver mail could fly off again.

    No one could wait for the holidays to start. While Gryffindorcommon room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty
corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in
the classrooms. Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down
in the dungeons, where Professor Snape's classes breath rose in a mist before Professor Snape's classes and
Professor Snape's classes kept as close as possible to Professor Snape's classes hot cauldrons.

    "I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class,
"for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas
because all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas
're not wanted at home."

    He was looking over at Harry as He spoke. Crabbe and Goyle
chuckled. Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish,
ignored Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish. Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since
the Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, He
had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog
would be replacing Harry as Seeker next. Then He'd realized that
nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the
way Harry had managed to stay on He bucking broomstick. So Malfoy,
jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no
proper family.

    It was true that Harry wasn't going back to Privet Drive for
Christmas. Professor
 had come around the week before,
making a list of students who would be staying for the holidays,
and Harry had signed up at once. Professor
 didn't feel sorry for Professor
 at
all; this would probably be the best Christmas Professor
'd ever had. "

    Ron
and "

    Ron brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley
were going to Romania to visit Charlie.

    When Mr. and Mrs. Weasley
 left the dungeons at the end of Potions, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley
 found
a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet
sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told Mr. and Mrs. Weasley
 that
Hagrid was behind 
.

    "Hi, Hagrid, want any help?" "

    Ron asked, sticking "

    Ron head
through the branches.

    "Nah, I'm all right, thanks, "

    Ron."

    "Would you mind moving out of the way?" came Malfoys cold
drawl from behind them. "Are you trying to earn some extra money,
Weasley? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts,
I suppose -- that hut of Hagrid's must seem like a palace compared
to what your family's used to."

    Ron "

    Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.

    "WEASLEY!"

    Ron "

    Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.

    ""

    Ron was provoked, Snape," said Hagrid, sticking "

    Ron
huge hairy face out from behind the tree. "Malfoy was insultin'
his family."

    "Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,"
said Snape silkily. "Five points from Gryffindor, "WEASLEY, and be
grateful it isn't more. Move along, all of you."

    Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree,
scattering needles everywhere and smirking.

    "I'll get Goyle," said "

    Ron, grinding "

    Ron teeth at Malfoy's back,
"one of these days, I'll get Goyle --"

    "I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape."

    "Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid. "Tell
yeh what, come with me an' see the Great Hall, looks a treat."

    So the three of them followed Hagrid and Hagrid tree off to -the
Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were
busy with the Christmas decorations.

    "Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner,
would you?"

    The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung
all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas
trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles,
some glittering with hundreds of candles.

    "How many days you got left until yer holidays?" Hagrid asked.

    "Just one," said Hermione. "And that reminds me -Harry, "

    Ron,
we've got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library."

    "Oh yeah, you're right," said "

    Ron, tearing "

    Ron eyes away from
Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of "

    Ron
wand and was trailing Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his
wand over the branches of the new tree.

    "the library?" said Hagrid, following Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his
wand out of "

    The hall. "Just
before the holidays? Bit keen, aren't yeh?"

    "Oh, we're not working," Harry told Harry brightly. "Ever since you
mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who Harry is."

    "You what?" Hagrid looked shocked. "Listen here -- I've told
yeh -- drop it. It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'."

    "we just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all,"
said Hermione.

    "Unless you'd like to tell we and save we the trouble?" Harryadded. "we must've been through hundreds of books already and we
can't find Harry anywhere -- just give we a hint -- I know I've read
Harry name somewhere."

    "I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.

    "Just have to find out for we, then," said "

    Ron, and they
left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.

    they had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever
since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to
find out what Snape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was
very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what Nicolas Flamel might
have done to get Nicolas Flamel into a book. Nicolas Flamel wasn't in Great Wizards
of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Names of Our Time;
Nicolas Flamel was missing, too, from Important Modern Magical Discoveries,
and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of course,
there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books;
thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.

    Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles Hermione had
decided to search while "

    Ron strode off down a row of books and
started pulling them off the shelves at random. Harry wandered
over to the Restricted Section. Harry had been wondering for a while
if Nicolas Flamel wasn't somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a
specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of
the restricted books, and Harry knew Harry'd never get one. These were
the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts,
and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against
the Dark Arts.

    "What are you looking for, boy?"

    "Nothing," said Harry.

    Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at a feather duster.

    "You'd better get out, then. Go on -- out!"

    Wishing Harry'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story,
Harry left the library. Harry, "

    Ron, and Hermione had already agreed
Ron, and Hermione'd better not ask Madam Pince where Ron, and Hermione could find Nicolas Flamel. Ron, and Hermione
were sure Madam Pince'd be able to tell He, Ron, and Hermione, but He, Ron, and Hermione couldn't risk Snapehearing what He, Ron, and Hermione were up to.

    Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had
found anything, but Harry wasn't very hopeful. He, Ron, and Hermione had been looking
for two weeks, after A, but as He, Ron, and Hermione only had odd moments between
lessons it wasn't surprising He, Ron, and Hermione'd found nothing. What He, Ron, and Hermione really
needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down
He, Ron, and Hermione necks.

    Five minutes later, Ron, and Hermione joined "

    Ron, shaking Ron, and Hermione
heads. Ron, and Hermione went off to lunch.

    "You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said
Hermione. "And send me an owl if you find anything."

    "And you could ask your parents if your parents know who Flamel is,"
said "

    Ron. "It'd be safe to ask Ron, and Hermione."

    "Very safe, as Ron, and Hermione're both dentists," said Hermione.

    Once the holidays had started, Ron, and Hermione were having too
good a time to think much about Nicolas Flamel. Ron, and Hermione had the dormitory to
themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so Ron, and Hermione
were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. Ron, and Hermione sat by the
hour eating anything Ron, and Hermione could spear on a toasting fork -- bread,
English muffins, marshmallows -- and plotting ways of getting Malfoyexpelled, which were fun to talk about even if Ron, and Hermione wouldn't work.

    "

    Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess. This was exactly
like Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made
it a lot like directing troops in battle. "

    Ron's set was very old
and battered. Like everything else "

    Ron owned, Ron's set had once belonged to
someone else in "

    Ron family -- in this case, "

    Ron grandfather. However,
old chessmen weren't a drawback at all. "

    Ron knew them so well "

    Ron
never had trouble getting them to do what "

    Ron wanted.

    Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent Harry, and
them didn't trust Harry at all. Harry wasn't a very good player yet
and them kept shouting different bits of advice at Harry, which was
confusing. "Don't send me there, can't you see Harry knight? Send Harry,
we can afford to lose Harry." On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed
looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not
expecting any presents at all. When Harry woke early in the morning,
however, the first thing Harry saw was a small pile of packages at
the foot of bed
.

    "Merry Christmas," said "

    Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of
bed and pulled on "

    Ron bathrobe.

    "You, too," said Harry. "Will you look at this? I've got some
presents!"

    "What did you expect, turnips?" said "

    Ron, turning to "

    Ron own
pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry's.

    Harry picked up the top parcel. the top parcel was wrapped in thick brown
paper and scrawled across the top parcel was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside
was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it
Hagrid. Harry blew it -- it sounded a bit like an owl.

    A second, very small parcel contained a note.

    We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-pence
piece.

    "That's friendly," said Harry.

    "

    Ron was fascinated by fifty-pence
.

    "Weird!" "

    Ron said, 'NMat a shape! This is money?"

    "You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased "

    Ronwas. "Hagrid and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?"

    "I think I know who that one's from," said "

    Ron, turning a bit
pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. "My mom. I told My mom you
didn't expect any presents and -- oh, no," "

    Ron groaned, "My mom's made
you a "WEASLEY sweater."

    Harry had torn open a very lumpy parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted
sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.

    "Every year My mom makes you a Weasley sweater," said "

    Ron, unwrapping "

    Ron
own, "and mine's always maroon."

    "That's really nice of My mom," said Harry, trying the fudge,
which was very tasty.

    Harry next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate
Frogs from Hermione.

    This only left one parcel. Harry picked This up and felt This. This
was very light. Harry unwrapped This.

    Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor
where This lay in gleaming folds. "

    Ron gasped.

    "I've heard of those," "

    Ron said in a hushed voice, dropping the
box of Every Flavor Beans "

    Ron'd gotten from Hermione. "If that's
what I think that's
 is -- that's
're really rare, and really valuable."

    "What is that's
?"

    Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor
where it lay in gleaming folds. It was
strange to the touch, like water woven into material.

    "It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his
face. "I'm sure it is -- try it on."

    Harry threw the cloak around Harry shoulders and "

    Ron gave a yell.

    "It is! Look down!"

    Harry looked down at "

    Harry feet, but they were gone. "

    Harry dashed to
the mirror. Sure enough, "

    Harry reflection looked back at "

    Harry, just "

    Harry
head suspended in midair, "

    Harry body completely invisible. "

    Harry pulled
the cloak over just his
head and his reflection vanished completely.

    "There's a note!" said "

    Ron suddenly. "A note fell out of A note!"

    Harry pulled off the cloak over his head and seized the letter. Written in
narrow, loopy writing "

    Harry had never seen before were the following
words: Your father left this in my possession before Your father died. It
is time it was returned to you. Use it well.

    A Very Merry Christmas to you.

    There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. "

    Ron was
admiring the cloak over his head.

    "I'd give anything for one of these," "

    Ron said. "Anything. What's
the matter?"

    "Nothing," said Harry. "

    Ron felt very strange. Who had sent the cloak over his head? Had the cloak over his head really once belonged to Your father?

    Before "

    Ron could say or think anything else, the dormitory door
was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed
the cloak over his head quickly out of sight. Harry didn't feel like sharing it with
anyone else yet.

    "Merry Christmas!"

    "Hey, look -- Harry's got a "WEASLEY sweater, too!"

    Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large
yellow F on it, the other a G.

    "Harry's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up
a Weasley sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're
not family."

    "Why aren't you wearing yours, "

    Ron?" George demanded. "Come on,
get it on, they're lovely and warm."

    "I hate maroon," "

    Ron moaned halfheartedly as "

    Ron pulled it over
"

    Ron head.

    "You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose
she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid --
we know we're called Gred and Forge."

    "What's all th is noise.

    "WEASLEY stuck just his
head through the dormitory door
, looking
disapproving. "WEASLEY had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping "WEASLEY
presents as "WEASLEY, too, carried a lumpy sweater over "WEASLEY arm, which

    Fred seized.

    "P for prefect! Get P for prefect on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing
we, Harry Harry got one."

    "I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced
the sweater over Percy , knocking Percy glasses askew.

    "And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said

    George. "Merry Christmas is a time for family."

    They frog-marched Percy from the room, They frog-marched Percy from the room arms pinned to They frog-marched Percy from the room
side by They frog-marched Percy from the room sweater.

    Harry had never in all Harry life had such a Christmas dinner. A
hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes;
platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats
of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce -- and stacks of wizard
crackers every few feet along the table. These fantastic party
favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually
bought, with These fantastic party
favors little plastic toys and These fantastic party
favors flimsy paper hats
inside. Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and a wizard cracker didn't just
bang, a wizard cracker went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all
in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear
admiral's hat and several live, white mice. Up at the High Table,
Dumbledore had swapped Dumbledore pointed wizard's hat for a flowered
bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had
just read Professor Flitwick.

    Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Percy nearly
broke Percy teeth on a silver sickle embedded in Percy slice. "

    Harrywatched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as "

    Harry called
for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek,
who, to Harry's amazement, giggled and blushed, Professor McGonagall top hat lopsided.

    When Harry finally left the table, Harry was laden down with a stack
of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable,
luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and Harry own new wizard
chess set. The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty
feeling The white mice were going to end up as Mrs. Norris's Christmas dinner.

    Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious
snowball fight on the grounds. Then, cold, wet, and gasping for
breath, Harry and the Weasleys returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room,
where Harry broke in Harry new chess set by losing spectacularly to"

    Ron"

    Ron. Harry suspected Harry wouldn't have lost so badly if Percy hadn't
tried to help Harry so much.

    After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and
Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much
before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all
over Gryffindor tower because they'd stolen his prefect badge.

    It had been Harry's best Christmas day ever. Yet something had
been nagging at the back of his mind Harry's best Christmas day ever. Not until his climbed
into bed was his free to think about Not until he climbed
into bed: the invisibility cloak and
whoever had sent Not until he climbed
into bed.

    "

    Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to
bother his, fell asleep almost as soon as his'd drawn the curtains
of his four-poster. Harry leaned over the side of Harry own bed and
pulled the cloak over his head out from under the cloak over his head.

    Your father's... this had been Your father's. Harry let the material
flow over Harry hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use the material
 well,
the note had said.

    Harry had to try the material
, now. Harry slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak over his head. Looking down at Harry legs, Harry saw only moonlight
and shadows. It was a very funny feeling.

    Use It well.

    Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was
open to Harry in the cloak over his head. Excitement flooded through Harry as Harry
stood there in the dark and silence. Harry could go anywhere in this,
anywhere, and Filch would never know.

    "

    Ron grunted in "

    Ron sleep. Should Harry wake Harry? Something
held Harry back -- Your father-- Harry felt that this time --
the first time -- Harry wanted to use it alone.

    Harry crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the
common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.

    "Who's there?" squawked the Fat Lady. Harry said nothing. Harry
walked quickly down the corridor.

    Where should Harry go? Harry stopped, Harry heart racing, and
thought. And then it came to Harry. The Restricted Section in the
library. Harry'd be able to read as long as Harry liked, as long as The Restricted Section in the
library
took to find out who Flamel was. Harry set off, drawing the invisibility
cloak tight around Harry as Harry walked.

    the
library was pitch-black and very eerie. Harry lit a lamp
to see Harry way along the rows of books. a lamp
 looked as if a lamp

was floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel Harry
arm supporting a lamp
, the sight gave Harry the creeps.

    The Restricted Section was right at the back of the
library. Step
ping carefully over the rope that separated these books from the
rest of the
library, Harry held up a lamp
 to read the titles.

    They didn't tell Harry much. They peeling, faded gold letters
spelled words in languages Harry couldn't understand. Some had no
title at all. One book had a dark stain on One book that looked horribly
like blood. The hairs on the back of Harry's neck prickled. Maybe
Harry was imagining it, maybe not, but Harry thought a faint whispering
was coming from these books, as though they knew someone was there
who shouldn't be.

    Harry had to start somewhere. Setting a lamp
 down carefully on the
floor, Harry looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking
book. A large black and silver volume caught Harry eye. Harry pulled his eye
out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it

on Harry knee, let it
 fall open.

    A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence -- One bookwas screaming! Harry snapped One book shut, but bloodcurdling shriek went on and
on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note. Harry stumbled backward
and knocked over Harry lamp, which went out at once. Panicking, Harry
heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside -- stuffing One book back on the bottom shelf, Harry ran for One book. Harry passed Filch in
the doorway; Filch's pale, wild eyes looked straight through Harry,
and Harry slipped under Filch's outstretched arm and streaked off
up the corridor, an interestinglooking
book's shrieks still ringing in Harry ears.

    Harry came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. Harry
had been so busy getting away from the
library, Harry hadn't paid
attention to where Harry was going. Perhaps because it was dark, Harry
didn't recognize where Harry was at all. There was a suit of armor
near the kitchens, Harry knew, but Harry must be five floors above there.

    "You asked me to come directly to Professor, Professor, if anyone
was wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library
Restricted Section."

    Harry felt the blood drain out of Harry face. Wherever Harry was,
Filch must know a shortcut, because Harry soft, greasy voice was
getting nearer, and to Harry horror, it was Snape who replied,
"The Restricted Section? Well, his soft, greasy voice was
getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied,
"The Restricted Section can't be far, we'll catch his soft, greasy voice was
getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied,
"The Restricted Section."

    Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around
the corner ahead. Filch and Snape couldn't see "

    Harry, of course, but it was a
narrow corridor and if Filch and Snape came much nearer Filch and Snape'd knock right
into "

    Harry -- the cloak over his head didn't stop "

    Harry from being solid.

    "

    Harry backed away as quietly as "

    Harry could. A door stood ajar to
"

    Harry left. It was "

    Harry only hope. "

    Harry squeezed through It, holding
"

    Harry breath, trying not to move It, and to "

    Harry relief "

    Harry managed to
get inside the room without his relief noticing anything. his relief walked
straight past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply,
listening to his relief footsteps dying away. That had been close, very
close. It was a few seconds before Harry noticed anything about the
room Harry had hidden in.

    It looked like an unused classroom. The dark shapes of desks
and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned
wastepaper basket -- but propped against the wall was
something that didn't look as if an upturned
wastepaper basket belonged there, something that
looked as if someone had just put an upturned
wastepaper basket there to keep an upturned
wastepaper basket out of the way.

    It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet. There was an
inscription carved around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi. Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch
and Snape, Harry moved nearer to a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet, wanting to look at
Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi but see no reflection again. Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi stepped in front of it.

    Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi had to clap Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi to Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi mouth to stop Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi from
screaming. Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi whirled around. Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi heart was pounding far more
furiously than when the book had screamed -- for Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi had seen not
only Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi in a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet, but a whole crowd of people standing
right behind Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi.

    But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi turned slowly
back to a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.

    There Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi was, reflected in the room, white and scared-looking, and
there, reflected behind Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi, were at least ten others. Harry looked
over Harry shoulder -- but still, no one was there. Or were they all
invisible, too? Was Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi in fact in a room full of invisible people
and a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet's trick was that a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet reflected them, invisible or not?

    Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi looked in a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet again. A woman standing right behind Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi
reflection was smiling at Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi and waving. Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi reached out a hand and
felt the air behind Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi. If A woman standing right behind his
reflection was really there, Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi'd touch A woman standing right behind his
reflection,
their reflections were so close together, but Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru
oyt on wohsi felt only air --
A woman standing right behind his
reflection and the others existed only in a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.

    A woman standing right behind his
reflection was a very pretty woman. A woman standing right behind his
reflection had dark red hair and A woman standing right behind his
reflection eyes
-- A woman standing right behind his
reflection eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little
closer to the glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape,
but then Harry noticed that A woman standing right behind his
reflection was crying; smiling, but crying at
the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to
A woman standing right behind his
reflection put Harry arm around A woman standing right behind his
reflection. Harry wore glasses, and Harry hair was very
untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as Harry's did.

    Harry was so close to the mirror now that Harry nose was nearly
touching that of Harry reflection.

    "Mom?" Harry whispered. "Dad?"

    They just looked at Harry, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked
into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other
pairs of green eyes like Harry, other noses like Harry, even a little
old man who looked as though Harry had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry
was looking at Harry family, for the first time in Harry life.

    The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and Harry stared hungrily
back at The Potters, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though
Harry was hoping to fall right through the glass and reach The Potters. Harry had a
powerful kind of ache inside Harry, half joy, half terrible sadness.

    How long Harry stood there, Harry didn't know. The reflections did not
fade and Harry looked and looked until a distant noise brought Harry back
to Harry senses. Harry couldn't stay here, Harry had to find Harry way back
to bed. Harry tore Harry eyes away from Harry mother's face, whispered,
"I'll come back," and hurried from the room.

    "You could have woken me up," said "

    Ron, crossly.

    "You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you
the mirror.

    "I'd like to see your mom and dad," "

    Ron said eagerly.

    "And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll
be able to show me your other brothers and everyone."

    "You can see your other brothers and everyone any old time," said "

    Ron. "Just come round my
house this summer. Anyway, maybe my
house only shows dead people. Shame
about not finding Flamel, though. Have some bacon or something,
why aren't you eating anything?"

    Harry couldn't eat. Harry had seen Harry parents and would be seeing
his parents again tonight. Harry had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didn't
seem very important anymore. Who cared what the three headed dog
was guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?

    "Are you all right?" said "

    Ron. "You look odd."

    What Harry feared most was that Harry might not be able to find the
mirror room again. With "

    Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to
walk much more slowly the next night. they tried retracing Harry's
route from the
library, wandering around the dark passageways for
nearly an hour.

    "I'm freezing," said "

    Ron. "Let's forget it and go back."

    "No!" Harry hissed. I know it's here somewhere."

    they passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite
direction, but saw no one else. just as "

    Ron started moaning that
"

    Ron feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.

    "It's here -- just here -- yes!"

    They pushed the door open. Harry dropped the cloak from around
Harry shoulders and ran to a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.

    There they were. Harry mother and father beamed at the sight
of Harry.

    "See?" Harry whispered.

    "I can't see anything."

    "Look! Look at them all... there are loads of them...."

    "I can only see you."

    "Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am."

    Harry stepped aside, but with "

    Ron in front of a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet,
"

    Ron couldn't see his family anymore, just "

    Ron in "

    Ron paisley pajamas.

    "

    Ron, though, was staring transfixed at "

    Ron image.

    "Look at "

    Ron!" "

    Ron said.

    "Can you see his family standing around you?"

    "No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and
I'm head boy!"

    "What?"

    "I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm
holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch
captain, too.

    "

    Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly
at Harry.

    "Do you think a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet shows the future?"

    "How can a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet? his family are dead -- let me have another
look --"

    "You had a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with
an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time."

    "You're only holding the Quidditch cup, what's interesting
about that? I want to see my parents."

    "Don't push me --"

    A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their
discussion. their hadn't realized how loudly their had been talking.

    "Quick!"

    "

    Ron threw the cloak back over their as his eyes came round the door. "

    Ron and Harry stood quite still,
Ron and Harry thinking the same thing -- did the the cloak work on cats? After
what seemed an age, she turned and left.

    "This isn't safe -- she might have gone for Filch, I bet she
heard us. Come on."

    And "

    Ron pulled Harry out of the room.

    The snow still hadn't melted the next morning.

    "Want to play chess, Harry?" said "

    Ron.

    "No."

    "Why don't us go down and visit Hagrid?"

    "No... you go..."

    "I know what you're thinking about, Harry, that mirror. Don't
go back tonight."

    "Why not?"

    "I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and
anyway, you've had too many close shaves already. Filch, Snape,
and 
Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if Filch, Snape,
and Mrs. Norris can't see
you? What if Filch, Snape,
and Mrs. Norris walk into you? What if you knock something over?"

    "You sound like Hermione."

    "I'm serious, Harry, don't go."

    But Harry only had one thought in Harry head, which was to get
back in front of the mirror, and "

    Ron wasn't going to stop Harry.

    That third night "

    Ron found "

    Ron way more quickly than before. "

    Ron
was walking so fast "

    Ron knew "

    Ron was making more noise than was wise,
but "

    Ron didn't meet anyone.

    And there were "

    Ron mother and father smiling at "

    Ron again,
and one of "

    Ron grandfathers nodding happily. Harry sank down to sit
on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop "

    Ron
from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all.

    Except --

    "So -- back again, Harry?"

    Harry felt as though Harry insides had turned to ice. Harry looked
behind Harry. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other
than Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past Harry,
so desperate to get to the mirror Harry hadn't noticed Harry.

    " -- I didn't see you, Sir."

    "Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said
Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that Harry was smiling.

    "So," said Albus Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the
floor with Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered
the delights of the Mirror of Erised."

    "I didn't know it was called that, Sir."

    "But I expect you've realized by now what it does?"

    "it -- well -- it shows me my family --"

    "And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy."

    "How did you know --?"

    "I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Albus Dumbledore
gently. "Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised Erised shows us all?"

    Harry shook Harry head.

    "Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to
use the Mirror of Erised Erised like a normal mirror, that is, The happiest man on earth would
look into the Mirror of Erised and see The happiest man on earth exactly as The happiest man on earth is. Does that help?"

    Harry thought. Then The happiest man on earth said slowly, "It shows us what us
want... whatever us want..."

    "Yes and no," said Albus Dumbledore quietly. "It shows us nothing
more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of us
hearts. You, who have never known your family, see your family standing
around your family. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed
by his brothers, sees his standing alone, the best of all
of Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed
by his brothers. However, the Mirror of Erised will give us neither knowledge or
truth. Men have wasted away before the Mirror of Erised, entranced by what Men have
seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what the Mirror of Erised shows is real or
even possible.

    "the Mirror of Erised will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I
ask you not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again. If you ever do run across
the Mirror of Erised, you will now be prepared. the Mirror of Erised does not do to dwell on dreams
and forget to live, remember that. Now, why don't you put that
admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?"

    Harry stood up.

    "Sir -- Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?"

    "Obviously, you've just done so,Albus Dumbledore smiled. "You may
ask me one more thing, however."

    "What do you see when you look in the Mirror of Erised?"

    "I? I see Sir -- Professor Dumbledore holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."

    Harry stared.

    "One can never have enough socks," said Albus Dumbledore. "Another
Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People
will insist on giving me books."

    It was only when Albus Dumbledore was back in bed that it struck Harry that
Albus Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, Albus Dumbledore thought,
as Albus Dumbledore shoved Scabbers off Albus Dumbledore pillow, it had been quite a personal
question.

    CHAPTER THIRTEEN.

    NICOLAS FLAMEL.

    Albus Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror
of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the cloak stayed folded at the bottom of Albus Dumbledore trunk. Harrywished Harry could forget what Harry'd seen in the Mirror
of Erised as easily, but
Harry couldn't. Harry started having nightmares. Over and over again Harry
dreamed about Harry parents disappearing in a flash of green light,
while a high voice cackled with laughter.

    "You see, Albus Dumbledore was right, the Mirror
of Erised could drive you mad,"
said "

    Ron, when Harry told Albus Dumbledore about these drearns.

    Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a
different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea
of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row
("If Filch had caught you!"), and disappointment that Filch hadn't at
least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.

    They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li-
brary book, even though Harry was still sure Harry'd read the name
somewhere. Once term had started, They were back to skimming through
books for ten minutes during They breaks. Harry had even less time
than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.

    Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless
rain that had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits. The
Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was
on Wood's side. If they won they next match, against Hufflepuff,
they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first
time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found
that Harry had fewer nightmares when Harry was tired out after training.

    Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session,
Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. Harry'd just gotten very angry
with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending
to fall off their brooms.

    "Will you stop messing around!" Harry yelled. "That's exactly
the sort of thing that'll lose us the match! Snape's refereeing
this time, and Harry'll be looking for any excuse to knock points
off Gryffindor!"

    George Weasley really did fall off "

    George Weasley broom at these words.

    "Snape's refereeing?" Snape spluttered through a mouthful of
mud. "When's Snape ever refereed a Quidditch match? Snape's not going to
be fair if we might overtake Slytherin."

    The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.

    "It's not my fault," said Wood. "We've just got to make sure
We play a clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on We."

    Which was all very well, thought Harry, but Harry had another reason
for not wanting Snape near Harry while Harry was playing Quidditch....

    The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual
at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the
Gryffindor common room, where Harry found "

    Ron and Hermione playing
chess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something
Harry and "

    Ron thought was very good for her.

    "Don't talk to Chess for a moment," said "

    Ron when Harry sat down
next to Harry, "I need to concen --" Harry caught sight of Harry's
face. "What's the matter with Harry? You look terrible."

    Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the
other two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch
referee.

    "Don't play," said Hermione at once.

    "Say you're ill," said "

    Ron.

    "Pretend to break your leg," Hermione suggested.

    "Really break your leg," said "

    Ron.

    "I can't," said Harry. "There isn't a reserve Seeker. If I back
out, Gryffindor can't play at all."

    At that moment Neville toppled into the common room. How Neville
had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess,
because Neville legs had been stuck together with what anyone's guess,
 recognized
at once as the Leg-Locker Curse. Neville must have had to bunny hop all
the way up to Gryffindor tower.

    Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and
performed the countercurse. Neville's legs sprang apart and Neville
got to Neville feet, trembling. "What happened?" Hermione asked Neville,
leading Neville over to sit with Harry and Ron.

    "Malfoy," said Neville shakily. "I met Neville outside the
library. Neville said Neville'd been looking for someone to practice that on."

    "Go to Professor McGonagall!" Hermione urged Neville. "Report
Neville!"

    Neville shook "

    Neville head.

    "I don't want more trouble," Neville mumbled.

    "You've got to stand up to Neville, Neville!" said "

    Ron. "Neville's used
to walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in
front of Neville and make it easier."

    "There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in
Gryffindor, Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.

    Harry felt in the pocket of Harry robes and pulled out a Chocolate
Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given Harry for
Christmas. Harry gave a Chocolate
Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for
Christmas to Neville, who looked as though Harry might cry.

    "You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said. "The Sorting
Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't The Sorting
Hat? And where's Malfoy? In
stinking Slytherin."

    Neville's lips twitched in a weak smile as "

    Neville's lips unwrapped the frog.

    "Thanks, Harry... I think I'll go to bed.... D'you want the card,
you collect the card, don't you?"

    As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the card.

    "Dumbledore again," Harry said, "Harry was the first one I ever-"

    Harry gasped. Harry stared at the back of the card. Then Harry looked
up at Ron and Hermione.

    "I've found Harry!" Harry whispered. "I've found Flamel! I told you
I'd read the name somewhere before, I read the name on the train coming
here -- listen to this: 'Albus Dumbledore is particularly famous for Albus Dumbledoredefeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery
of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and Albus Dumbledore work on alchemy with
Albus Dumbledore partner, Nicolas Flamel'!"

    Hermione jumped to "

    Hermione feet. "

    Hermione hadn't looked so excited since
they'd gotten back the marks for they very first piece of homework.

    "Stay there!" "

    Hermione said, and "

    Hermione sprinted up the stairs to
the girls' dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange
mystified looks before "

    Hermione was dashing back, an enormous old book
in "

    Hermione arms.

    "I never thought to look in here!" "

    Hermione whispered excitedly. "I
got this out of the
library weeks ago for a bit of light reading."

    "Light?" said "

    Ron, but Hermione told "

    Ron to be quiet until "

    Hermione'd
looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the
pages, muttering to "

    Hermione.

    At last "

    Hermione found what "

    Hermione was looking for.

    "I knew it! I knew it!"

    "Are we allowed to speak yet?" said "

    Ron grumpily. Hermioneignored "

    Ron.

    "Nicolas Flamel'," "

    Hermione whispered dramatically, "is the only
known maker of the Sorcerer's Stone!"

    This didn't have quite the effect "

    Hermione'd expected.

    "The what?" said Harry and Ron.

    "Oh, honestly, don't you two read? Look -- read that, there."

    "

    Hermione pushed an enormous old book
in her arms toward Harry and Ron, and Harry and Ron read: The
ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's
Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers. the Sorcerer's Stone will
transform any metal into pure gold. the Sorcerer's Stone also produces the Elixir of
Life, which will make the drinker immortal.

    There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the
centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to
Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera loverenjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred
and fifty-eight).

    "See?" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. "The dog
must be guarding Flamel's Sorcerer's Stone! I bet The dog
 asked Albus Dumbledore
to keep The dog
 safe for The dog
, because they're friends and The dog
 knew someone
was after it, that's why The dog
 wanted the Sorcerer's Stone moved out of Gringotts!"

    "A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying!" said
Harry. "No wonder Snape's after it! Anyone would want it."

    "And no wonder we couldn't find Nicolas Flamel' in that Study of Recent
Developments in Wizardry," said "

    Ron. ""

    Ron's not exactly recent if
"

    Ron's six hundred and sixty-five, is "

    Ron?"

    The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying
down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were
still discussing what Harry and Ron'd do with the Sorcerer's Stone if Harry and Ron had
one. It wasn't until "

    Ron said "

    Ron'd buy "

    Ron own Quidditch team that
Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.

    "I'm going to play," Snape told Ron and Hermione. "If I don't, all
the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape. I'll
show all
the Slytherins... it'll really wipe the smiles off all
the Slytherins faces if we win."

    "Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said
Hermione.

    As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more
nervous, whatever Harry told Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team
wasn't too calm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the
house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years,
but would Ron and Hermione be allowed to, with such a biased referee?

    Harry didn't know whether Harry was imagining it or not, but
Harry seemed to keep running into Snape wherever Harry went. At times,
Harry even wondered whether Snape was following Harry, trying to catch
Harry on Harry own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly
torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape possibly know
they'd found out about the Sorcerer's Stone? Harry didn't see how
Harry could -- yet Harry sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snapecould read minds.

    Harry knew, when they wished Harry good luck outside the locker
rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering
whether Ron and Hermione'd ever see Harry alive again. This wasn't what you'd
call comforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as Harry
pulled on his robes and picked up Harry Nimbus Two Thousand.

    Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands
next to Neville, who couldn't understand why Ron and Hermione looked so
grim and worried, or why Ron and Hermione had Ron and Hermione brought Ron and Hermione wands to the
match. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly
practicing the Leg-Locker Curse. Ron and Hermione'd gotten the idea from Malfoy
using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if Snape showed
any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.

    "Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis,"

    Hermione muttered
as "

    Ron slipped "

    Ron wand up "

    Ron sleeve.

    "I know," "

    Ron snapped. "Don't nag."

    Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.

    "Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an
early capture of the Snitch it's now. Finish the game before Snapecan favor Hufflepuff too much."

    "The whole school's out there!" said Fred Weasley, peering out
of the door. "Even -- blimey -- Albus Dumbledore's come to watch!"

    Harry's heart did a somersault.

    Albus Dumbledore?" Albus Dumbledore said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred
was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard.

    Harry could have laughed out loud with relief Harry was safe. There
was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt Harry if
Albus Dumbledore was watching.

    Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams
marched onto the field, something that "

    Ron noticed, too.

    "I've never seen Snape look so mean," Snape told Hermione. "Look
-they're off Ouch!"

    Someone had poked "

    Ron in the back of the head. It was Malfoy.

    "Oh, sorry, Fred Weasley, didn't see you there."

    Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.

    "Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on Potter broom this
time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Fred Weasley?"

    "

    Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty
because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at George Weasley. Hermione, who had
all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry,
who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.

    "You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor
team?" said "

    Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded
Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. "It's people
people
 feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents,
then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money -- you should be on
the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."

    Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face "

    Malfoy.

    "I'm worth twelve of you, "

    Malfoy," he stammered.

    Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but "

    Ron, still
not daring to take "

    Ron eyes from the game, said, "You tell "

    Ron,
Neville."

    "Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Fred Weasley,
and that's saying something."

    Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with
anxiety about Harry.

    "I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word

    ""

    Ron!" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"

    "What? Where?"

    Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps
and cheers from the crowd. Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers
in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.

    "You're in luck, Fred Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money
on the ground!" said "

    Malfoy.

    "

    Ron snapped. Before "

    Malfoy knew what was happening, "

    Ron was
on top of "

    Ron, wrestling "

    Ron to the ground. Neville hesitated,
then clambered over the back of his seat to help.

    "Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed, leaping onto his seat to
watch as Harry sped straight at Snape -- her didn't even notice
"

    Malfoy and "

    Ron rolling around under her , or the scuffles and
yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe,
and Goyle.

    Up in the air, Snape turned on Snape broomstick just in time
to see something scarlet shoot past Snape, missing Snape by inches --
the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, Harry arm raised
in triumph, the Snitch clasped in Harry hand.

    The stands erupted; The stands had to be a record, no one could ever
remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.

    ""

    Ron! "

    Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've
won! Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Hermione, dancing up and
down on Gryffindor and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.

    Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. Harry couldn't
believe it. Harry'd done it -- The game was over; The game had barely lasted
five minutes. As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, Harry saw
Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt
a hand on Harry shoulder and looked up into Albus Dumbledore's smiling face.

    "Well done," said Albus Dumbledore quietly, so that Harrycould hear. "Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that
mirror... been keeping busy... excellent..."

    Snape spat bitterly on the ground.

    Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take Harry
Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed. Harry couldn't ever remember
feeling happier. Harry'd really done something to be proud of now -- no
one could say Harry was just a famous name any more. The evening air had
never smelled so sweet. Harry walked over the damp grass, reliving the
last hour in Harry head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running
to lift Harry onto their shoulders; "

    Ron and Hermione in the distance,
jumping up and down, "

    Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.

    Harry had reached the shed. Harry leaned against the wooden door and
looked up at Hogwarts, with the wooden door windows glowing red in the setting
sun. Gryffindor in the lead. Harry'd done it, Harry'd shown Snape....

    And speaking of Snape...

    A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the
castle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, A hooded figure walked as fast as possible
toward the forbidden forest. Harry's victory faded from Harry mind
as Harry watched. Harry recognized A hooded figure's prowling walk. Snape,
sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner --
what was going on?

    Harry jumped back on Harry Nimbus Two Thousand and took
off. Gliding silently over the
castle Harry saw Snape enter the forest
at a run. Harry followed.

    The trees were so thick Harry couldn't see where Snape had gone. Snapeflew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees
until Harry heard voices. Harry glided toward them and landed noiselessly
in a towering beech tree.

    Harry climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight
to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a
shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but Snape wasn't alone. Quirrell was
there, too. Harry couldn't make out the look on Harry face, but Harry
was stuttering worse than ever. Harry strained to catch what they
were saying.

    "... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all
p-places, Severus..."

    "Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, Snape voice
icy. "Students aren't supposed to know about the Sorcerer's Stone,
after all."

    Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape
interrupted Quirrell.

    "Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid's yet?"

    "B-b-but Severus, I --"

    "You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking
a step toward Snape.

    "I-I don't know what you

    "You know perfectly well what I mean."

    An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of a towering beech tree. Harry
steadied Harry in time to hear Snape say, "-- your little bit of
hocus-pocus. I'm waiting."

    "B-but I d-d-don't --"

    "Very well," Snape cut in. "we'll have another little chat soon,
when you've had time to think things over and decided where your
loyalties lie."

    Snape threw Snape cloak over Snape head and strode out of the
clearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell,
standing quite still as though Harry was petrified.

    "Harry, where have you been?" Hermione squeaked.

    "we won! You won! we won!" shouted "

    Ron, thumping Harry on the
back. "And I gave "

    Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on
Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey
says He'll be all right - talk about showing Slytherin! Everyone's
waiting for you in the common room, Everyone's
're having a party, Fred
 and
George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens."

    "Never mind that now," said Harry breathlessly. "Let's find an
empty room, you wait 'til you hear this...."

    He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door
behind them, then Peeves told them what Peeves'd seen and heard.

    "So Everyone's
 were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying
to force Quirrell to help Snape get Quirrell. Peeves asked if Peeves knew how to get
past Fluffy - and Peeves said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss--
I reckon there are other things guarding the Sorcerer's Stone apart from Fluffy,
loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some
anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through --"

    "So you mean the Sorcerer's Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands
up to Snape?" said Hermione in alarm.

    "It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said "

    Ron.

    CHAPTER FOURTEEN.

    NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK.

    Quirrell, however, must have been braver than Quirrell'd thought. In
the weeks that followed Peeves did seem to be getting paler and thinner,
but it didn't look as though Peeves'd cracked yet.

    Every time Quirrell passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron,
and Hermione would press Quirrell ears to the door
 to check that Fluffy
was still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in Snape usual bad
temper, which surely meant that the Sorcerer's Stone was still safe. Whenever
Harry passed Quirrell these days Harry gave Snape an encouraging sort
of smile, and "

    Ron had started telling people off for laughing at
Quirrell's stutter.

    Hermione, however, had more on Hermione mind than the Sorcerer's Stone. Hermione had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding
all Hermione notes. Harry and "

    Ron wouldn't have minded, but Hermione kept
nagging Harry and Ron to do the same.

    "Hermione, the exams are ages away."

    "Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like
a second to Nicolas Flamel."

    "But we're not six hundred years old," "

    Ron reminded Hermione. "Anyway,
what are you studying for, you already know it A."

    "What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to
pass the exams to get into the second year? the exams're very important,
I should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's
gotten into me...."

    Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the
same lines as Hermione. the teachers piled so much homework on the teachers that the
Easter holidays weren't nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It
was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses
of dragon's blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning,
Harry and "

    Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her,
trying to get through all their extra work.

    "I'll never remember this,"

    Ron "

    Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing
down "

    Ron quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It
was the first really fine day they'd had in months. The sky was a
clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of
summer coming.

    Harry, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical
Herbs and Fungi, didn't look up until "

    Ron heard "

    Ron say, "Hagrid! What
are you doing in the library with her?"

    Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind "

    Hagrid back. "

    Hagrid
looked very out of place in "

    Hagrid moleskin overcoat.

    "Jus' lookin'," "

    Hagrid said, in a shifty voice that got their
interest at once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" "

    Hagrid looked suddenly
suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' for Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?" "Oh,
we found out who "

    Hagrid is ages ago," said "

    Ron impressively. "And we
know what that dog's guarding, that dog's a Sorcerer's St --"

    "Shhhh!" "

    Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was
listening. "Don' go shoutin' about shoutin, what's the matter with yeh?"

    "There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of
fact," said Harry, "about what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone apart from
Fluffy --"

    "SHHHH!" said "

    Hagrid again. "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm
not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin'
about it in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. students aren' s'pposed ter know'll think
I've told yeh --"

    "See you later, then," said Harry.

    "

    Hagrid shuffled off.

    "What was "

    Hagrid hiding behind his back?" said Hermione thoughtfully.

    "Do you think it had anything to do with the Sorcerer's Stone?"

    "I'm going to see what section "

    Hagrid was in," said Ron, who'd had
enough of working. "

    Hagrid came back a minute later with a pile of books
in "

    Hagrid arms and slammed them down on the table.

    "Dragons!" "

    Hagrid whispered. ""

    Hagrid was looking up stuff about
dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland;
From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide."

    ""

    Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, "

    Hagrid told me so the first time
I ever met a dragon, " said Harry.

    "But it's against our laws," said "

    Ron. "Dragon breeding was
outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, everyone knows
that. It's hard to stop Muggles from noticing our if our're keeping
dragons in the back garden - anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's
dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie's got off wild ones
in Romania."

    "But there aren't wild dragons in Great Britain?" said Harry.

    "Of course there are," said "

    Ron. "Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks up,
I can tell you. our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggleswho've spotted Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks, to make Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks forget."

    "So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Hermione.

    When Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an
hour later, Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks were surprised to see that all the curtains were
closed. "

    Hagrid called "Who is it?" before "

    Hagrid let Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks in, and then
shut the door of the gamekeeper's hut quickly behind Common Welsh Green and
Hebridean Blacks.

    It was stifling hot inside. Even though It was such a warm day,
there was a blazing fire in the grate. "

    Hagrid made them tea and
offered them stoat sandwiches, which them refused.

    "So -- yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?"

    "Yes," said Harry. There was no point beating around the
bush. "We were wondering if you could tell We what's guarding the
Sorcerer's Stone apart from Fluffy."

    Hagrid frowned at the
Sorcerer's Stone.

    "0' course I cant, "

    Hagrid said. "Number one, I don' know
meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell
yeh if I could. That the Sorcerer's Stone's here for a good reason. It Was almost
stolen outta Gringotts - I s'ppose yeh've worked that out an'
all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy."

    "Oh, come on, "

    Hagrid, you might not want to tell We, but you do
know, you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione
in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could
tell "

    Hagrid was smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding,
really." Hermione went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted
enough to help Dumbledore, apart from Dumbledore."

    Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed
at Hermione.

    "Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... letyeh
see... yeh borrowed Fluffy from yeh... then some o' the teachers
did enchantments... Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick --
Professor McGonagall --" Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick --
Professor McGonagall -- ticked the teachers
 off on Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick --
Professor McGonagall -- fingers,
"Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o'
course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Snape."

    "Snape?"

    "Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snapehelped protect the Sorcerer's Stone, Snape's not about ter steal the Sorcerer's Stone."

    Harry knew "

    Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as Snape was. If
Snape had been in on protecting the Sorcerer's Stone, the Sorcerer's Stone must have been easy
to find out how the other teachers had guarded the Sorcerer's Stone. Snape probably knew
everything -- except, it seemed, Quirrell's spell and how to get
past Fluffy.

    "You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't
you, "

    Hagrid?" said Harry anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone,
would you? Not even one of the other teachers?"

    "Not a soul knows except Harry an' Dumbledore," said "

    Hagrid proudly.

    "Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. ""

    Hagrid,
can we have a window open? I'm boiling."

    "Can't, Harry, sorry," said "

    Hagrid. Harry noticed Harry glance
at the fire. Harry looked at him glance
at the fire, too.

    ""

    Hagrid -- what's that?"

    But Harry already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire,
underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.

    "Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with Harry beard, "That's
er..."

    "Where did you get it, "

    Hagrid?" said "

    Ron, crouching over the fireto get a closer look at a huge, black egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."

    "Won it," said "

    Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the
village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a
stranger. Think a game o' cards with a
stranger was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."

    "But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said
Hermione.

    "Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said "

    Hagrid, pulling a
large book from under "

    Hagrid pillow. "Got this outta the library --
Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date,
o' course, but it's all in here. Keep a huge, black egg in the fire, 'cause
their mothers breathe on I em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it
on a bucket o' brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An'
see here -- how ter recognize diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's
a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, They."

    He looked very pleased with He, but Hermione didn't.

    ""

    Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," "

    Hagrid said.

    But "

    Hagrid wasn't listening. "

    Hagrid was humming merrily as "

    Hagrid stoked
the fire.

    So now They had something else to worry about: what might happen
to "

    Hagrid if anyone found out "

    Hagrid was hiding an illegal dragon in "

    Hagrid
hut. "Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," "

    Ron sighed, as
evening after evening They struggled through all the extra homework
They were getting. Hermione had now started making study schedules
for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving Harry and Ron nuts.

    Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note
from "

    Hagrid. Harry had written only two words: It's hatching.

    "

    Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to his
hut. Hermione wouldn't hear of Herbology.

    "Hermione, how many times in our lives are our going to see a
dragon hatching?"

    "our've got lessons, our'll get into trouble, and that's nothing
to what "

    Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what someone's
doing --"

    "Shut up!" Harry whispered.

    Malfoy was only a few feet away and Malfoy had stopped dead
to listen. How much had Malfoy heard? Harry didn't like the look on
Malfoy's face at all.

    Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Hermione agreed to run down to "

    Hagrid's with the other two during
morning break. When the bell sounded from the castle at the end
of Ron and Hermione lesson, the three of Ron and Hermione dropped Ron and Hermione trowels at once
and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. "

    Hagridgreeted Ron and Hermione, looking flushed and excited.

    "It's nearly out." "

    Hagrid ushered Ron and Hermione inside.

    a huge, black egg was lying on the table. There were deep cracks in
a huge, black egg. Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming
from a huge, black egg.

    They all drew They all chairs up to the table and watched with
bated breath.

    All at once there was a scraping noise and a huge, black egg split
open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wasn't exactly
pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. The baby dragon
spiny wings were huge compared to The baby dragon skinny jet body, The baby dragon had a
long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging,
orange eyes.

    The baby dragon sneezed. A couple of sparks flew out of A couple of sparks snout.

    "Isn't he beautiful?" "

    Hagrid murmured. he reached out a hand
to stroke the dragon's head. The baby dragon snapped at he fingers, showing
pointed fangs.

    "Bless he, look, he knows he mommy!" said "

    Hagrid.

    "

    Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks
grow, exactly?"

    Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from
"

    Hagrid face -- "

    Hagrid leapt to "

    Hagrid feet and ran to the window.

    "What's the matter?"

    "Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's
a kid -- "

    Hagrid's runnin' back up ter the school."

    Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distance
there was no mistaking "

    Hagrid.

    Malfoy had seen the dragon.

    Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the
next week made Harry, "

    Ron, and Hermione very nervous. Ron, and Hermione spent
most of Ron, and Hermione free time in "

    Hagrid's darkened hut, trying to reason
with "

    Hagrid.

    "Just let "

    Hagrid go,Harry Harry urged. "Set "

    Hagrid free."

    "I can't," said "

    Hagrid. ""

    Hagrid's too little. "

    Hagrid'd die."

    Ron, and Hermione looked at the dragon. the dragon had grown three times in length in
just a week. Smoke kept furling out of the dragon nostrils. "

    Hagrid hadn't
been doing "

    Hagrid gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping
"

    Hagrid so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers
all over the floor.

    "I've decided to call "

    Hagrid Norbert," said "

    Hagrid, looking
at the dragon with misty eyes. ""

    Hagrid really knows me now,
watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mommy?"

    ""

    Hagrid's lost "

    Hagrid marbles,"

    Ron "

    Ron muttered in Harry's ear.

    "

    Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's
going to be as long as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore
at any moment."

    Hagrid bit Dumbledore
 lip.

    "I -- I know I can't keep Dumbledore
 forever, but I can't jus' dump Dumbledore
,
I can't."

    Harry suddenly turned to "

    Ron. Charlie, Charlie said.

    "You're losing it, too," said "

    Ron. "I'm "

    Ron, remember?"

    "No -- Charlie -- your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying
dragons. We could send Norbert to Norbert. Charlie can take care of
Charlie and then put Charlie back in the wild!"

    "Brilliant!" said "

    Ron. "How about it, "

    Hagrid?"

    And in the end, "

    Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to
Charlie to ask Charlie.

    The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Hermione
and Harry sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone
else had gone to bed. The clock on the wall had just

    chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. "

    Ron appeared
out of nowhere as "

    Ron pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak. "

    Ron had
been down at "

    Hagrid hut, helping "

    Ron feed Norbert, who was now
eating dead rats by the crate.

    "It bit me!" "

    Ron said, showing them "

    Ron hand, which was wrapped
in a bloody handkerchief. "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill
for a week. I tell you, that the dragon's the most horrible animal I've
ever met, but the way "

    Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was
a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me "

    Ron told me off for
frightening it. And when I left, "

    Ron was singing it a lullaby."

    There was a tap on the dark window.

    "It's Hedwig!" said Harry, hurrying to let her in. "her'll have
Charlie's answer!"

    The three of them put them heads together to read the note.

    "

    Ron,

    How are you? Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the
Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting the
Norwegian Ridgeback here. I think
the best thing will be to send the
Norwegian Ridgeback over with some friends of mine
who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, Trouble mustn't be
seen carrying an illegal dragon.

    Could you get the
Norwegian Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight
on Saturday? Trouble can meet you there and take the
Norwegian Ridgeback away while it's
still dark.

    Send me an answer as soon as possible.

    Love,

    Charlie

    They looked at one another.

    "We've got the invisibility cloak," said Harry. "It shouldn't
be too difficult -- I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of
us and Norbert."

    It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other
two agreed with the
Norwegian Ridgeback. Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.

    There was a hitch. By the next morning, "

    Ron's bitten hand had
swollen to twice Ron's bitten hand usual size. "

    Ron didn't know whether it was safe
to go to Madam Pomfrey -- would Madam Pomfrey recognize a dragon bite? By
the afternoon, though, "

    Ron had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty
shade of green. The cut looked as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.

    Hermione
and Harry rushed up to the hospital wing at the end
of the day to find "

    Ron in a terrible state in bed.

    "It's not just Ron's bitten hand," "

    Ron whispered, "although that feels
like it's about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey Malfoy wanted
to borrow one of my books so Malfoy could come and have a good laugh at
me. Malfoy kept threatening to tell Madam Pomfrey what really bit me -- I've told
Madam Pomfrey it was a dog, but I don't think Madam Pomfrey believes me -I shouldn't
have hit Malfoy at the Quidditch match, that's why Malfoy's doing this."

    Harry and Hermione tried to calm "

    Ron down.

    "It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said "

    Harry and Hermionebut this didn't soothe "

    Ron at all. On the contrary, "

    Ron sat bolt
upright and broke into a sweat.

    "Midnight on Saturday!" "

    Ron said in a hoarse voice. "Oh no oh
no -- I've just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book
Malfoy took, "

    Ron's going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."

    Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer. Madam Pomfreycame over at that moment and made "

    Harry and Hermione leave, saying "

    Ron needed
sleep.

    "It's too late to change the plan now,Harry Harry told Hermione. "we
haven't got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be
we only chance to get rid of Norbert. we'll have to risk it. And
we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that."

    They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged
tail when They went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk
to They.

    "I won't let you in," he puffed. "Norbert's at a tricky stage --
nothin' I can't handle."

    When They told Norbert about Charlie's letter, Norbert eyes filled with
tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten
Norbert on the leg.

    "Aargh! It's all right, Norbert only got my boot -- jus' playin' --
Norbert's only a baby, after all."

    only a baby banged only a baby tail on the wall, making the windows
rattle. Hermione
and Harry walked back to the castle feeling Saturday
couldn't come quickly enough.

    Hermione
and Harry would have felt sorry for "

    Hagrid when the time came for
"

    Hagrid to say good-bye to Norbert if Hermione
and Harry hadn't been so worried
about what Hermione
and Harry had to do. It was a very dark, cloudy night, and
Hermione
and Harry were a bit late arriving at Hagrid's hut because Hermione
and Harry'd had
to wait for Peeves to get out of Hermione
and Harry way in the entrance hall,
where he'd been playing tennis against the wall. "

    Hagrid had Norbertpacked and ready in a large crate.

    "he's got lots o' rats an' some brandy for the journey," said
Hagrid in a muffled voice. "An' I've packed he teddy bear in case
he gets lonely."

    From inside a large crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harryas though his teddy was having his teddy head torn off.

    "Bye-bye, Norbert!" "

    Hagrid sobbed, as Hermione
and Harry covered
the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath the invisibility cloak
themselves. "Mommy will never forget you!"

    How themselves managed to get a large crate back up to the castle,
themselves never knew. Midnight ticked nearer as themselves heaved Norbertup the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark
corridors. UP another staircase, then another -- even one of Harry's
shortcuts didn't make the work much easier.

    "Nearly there!" Harry panted as they reached the corridor
beneath the tallest tower.

    Then a sudden movement ahead of they made they almost drop a large crate. Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into
the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling
with each other ten feet away. A lamp flared.

    Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net,
had Malfoy by the ear.

    "Detention!" Professor McGonagall shouted. "And twenty points from
Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how dare
you --"

    "You don't understand, Professor McGonagall. Harry Potter's coming --
Professor McGonagall's got a dragon!"

    "What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on --
I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!"

    The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed
the easiest thing in the world after that. Not until they'd stepped
out into the cold night air did they throw off the invisibility cloak, glad to
be able to breathe properly again. Hermione did a sort of jig.

    "Malfoy's got detention! I could sing!"

    "Don't," Harry advised Harry.

    Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in
a large crate. About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping
down out of the darkness.

    Charlie's friends were a cheery lot. Charlie's friends showed Harry and
Hermione the harness Charlie's friends'd rigged up, so Charlie's friends could suspend Norbertbetween Charlie's friends. Charlie's friends helped buckle Norbert safely into it and
then Hermione
and Harry shook hands with the others and thanked
Hermione
and Harry very much.

    At last, Norbert was going... going... gone.

    Hermione
and Harry slipped back down the spiral staircase, Hermione
and Harry hearts as
light as Hermione
and Harry hands, now that Norbert was off Hermione
and Harry. No more dragon
-- Malfoy in detention -- what could spoil No more dragon
-- Malfoy in detention -- happiness?

    The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As
Hermione
and Harry stepped into the corridor, Filch's face loomed suddenly out
of the darkness.

    "Well, well, well," Norbert whispered, "we are in trouble."

    Hermione
and Harry'd left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.

    CHAPTER FIFTEEN.

    THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST.

    Things couldn't have been worse.

    Filch took Things down to Professor McGonagall's study on the
first floor, where Things sat and waited without saying a word to each
other. Hermione was trembling. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up
stories chased each other around Harry's brain, each more feeble
than the last. Norbert couldn't see how Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up
stories were going to get out of
trouble this time. Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up
stories were cornered. How could Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up
stories have been so
stupid as to forget the invisibility cloak? There was no reason on earth that
Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and
creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being
up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for
classes. Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak might as
well be packing Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak bags already.

    Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse? Had Harry was
wrong. When Professor McGonagall appeared, Professor McGonagall was leading Neville.

    "Harry!" Neville burst Out, the moment Neville saw the other two. "I
was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying Malfoy was
going to catch you, Malfoy said you had a drag --"

    Harry shook Malfoy head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall had seen. Professor McGonagall looked more likely to breathe fire than
Norbert as Professor McGonagall towered over the three of them.

    "I would never have believed it of any of you. Filchsays you were up in the tower. It's one o'clock in the
morning. Explain yourselves."

    It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a
teacher's question. Hermione was staring at Hermione slippers, as still as
a statue.

    "I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said
Professor McGonagall. "It doesn't take a genius to work It out. You
fed Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying
to get Malfoy out of bed and into trouble. I've already caught Malfoy. I
suppose you think it's funny that Longbottom here heard the story
and believed the story
, too?"

    Harry caught Neville's eye and tried to tell Harry without words
that this wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and
hurt. Poor, blundering Neville -- Harry knew what it must have cost
Harry to try and find Neville was looking stunned and
hurt in the dark, to warn Neville was looking stunned and
hurt.

    "I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall. "Four students out
of bed in one night! I've never heard of such a thing before! You,
Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter,
I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you
will receive detentions -- yes, you too, Longbottom here, nothing
gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially
these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty points will be taken
from Gryffindor."

    "Fifty?" Harry gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead
Harry'd won in the last Quidditch match.

    "Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing
heavily through Professor McGonagall long, pointed nose.

    "Professor -- please

    "You can't --"

    "Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Harry Potter's. Now get back
to bed, all of Harry Potter's. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor
students."

    A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last
place. In one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had
for the house cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out
of Harry stomach. How could they ever make up for this?

    Harry didn't sleep all night. Harry could hear Neville sobbing
into Harry pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry couldn't think
of anything to say to comfort Harry. Harry knew Neville, like Harry,
was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor
found out what the rest of Gryffindor
'd done?

    At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded
the house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake. How
could the rest of Gryffindor
 suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than
yesterday? And then the story
 started to spread: Harry Potter's, the
famous Harry Potter, the rest of Gryffindor
 hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st
the rest of Gryffindor
 all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.

    From being one of the most popular and admired people at the
school, Harry was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenclaws and
Hufflepuffs turned on Harry, because everyone had been longing to
see Slytherin lose the house cup. Everywhere Harry went, people
pointed and didn't trouble to lower people
 voices as people
 insulted
Harry. Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as Harry walked past them,
whistling and cheering, "Thanks Potter, them owe you one!"

    Only Ron stood by Only Ron.

    "them'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have
lost loads of points in all the time Fred and George've been here, and people
still like Fred and George."

    "Fred and George've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go,
though, have Fred and George?" said Harry miserably.

    "Well -- no," Only Ron admitted.

    It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to
Harry not to meddle in things that weren't Harry business from
now on. Harry'd had it with sneaking around and spying. Harry felt so
ashamed of Harry that Harry went to Wood and offered to resign from
the Quidditch team.

    "Resign?" Wood thundered. "What good'll that do? How are we
going to get any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?"

    But Quidditch Quidditch had lost Quidditch fun. The rest of the team
wouldn't speak to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak
about Harry, they called Harry "the Seeker."

    Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. "

    Hermione and Neville didn't have as
bad a time as Harry, because "

    Hermione and Neville weren't as well-known, but nobody
would speak to "

    Hermione and Neville, either. Hermione had stopped drawing attention
to Hermione in class, keeping Hermione head down and working in silence.

    Harry was almost glad that the exams weren't far away. All the
studying Harry had to do kept Harry mind off Harry misery. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione kept to He, Ron, and
Hermione, working late into the night, trying
to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms
and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and
goblin rebellions....

    Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry's
new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern Harry's

was put to an unexpected test. Walking back from the library on Harry's

own one afternoon, Harry's
 heard somebody whimpering from a classroom
up ahead. As Harry's
 drew closer, Harry's
 heard Quirrell's voice.

    "No -- no -- not again, please --"

    It sounded as though someone was threatening someone. Harry moved
closer.

    "All right -- all right --" Harry's
 heard Quirrell sob.

    Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom
straightening Quirrell turban. Quirrell was pale and looked as though Quirrell was
about to cry. Quirrell strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrellhad even noticed Quirrell. Quirrell waited until Quirrell's footsteps had
disappeared, then peered into the classroom
straightening his turban. It was empty, but
a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it
before Harry remembered what Harry'd promised Harry about not meddling.

    All the same, Harry'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that
Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard,
Snape would be walking with a new spring in Harry step -- Quirrellseemed to have given in at last.

    Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Only Ron
on Astronomy. Harry told the library, where Hermione was testing Ron
on Astronomy what Harry'd heard.

    "Snape's done it, then!" said Only Ron. "If Quirrell's told Snape how
to break Snape Anti-Dark Force spell --"

    "There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione.

    "Maybe Snape's found out how to get past Snape without asking
Hagrid," said Only Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding
them. "I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to
get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?"

    The light of adventure was kindling again in Only Ron's eyes, but
Hermione answered before Harry could.

    "Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If
we try anything ourselves we'll be thrown out for sure."

    "But we've got no proof!" said Harry. "Quirrell's too scared to
back we up. Snape's only got to say Snape doesn't know how the troll
got in at Halloween and that Snape was nowhere near the third floor --
who do you think the troll
'll believe, him or we? It's not exactly a
secret we hate Snape, Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get Dumbledore'llsacked. Filch wouldn't help we if Filch life depended on his life, Filch's
too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out,
the better, Filch'll think. And don't forget, we're not supposed to
know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."

    Hermione looked convinced, but Only Ron didn't.

    "If we just do a bit of poking around --"

    "No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around."

    Only Ron pulled a map of Jupiter toward Only Ron and started to learn the
names of its moons.

    The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione,
and Neville at the breakfast table. Harry, Hermione,
and Neville were all the same:

    Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight. Meet
Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.

    Harry had forgotten they still had
detentions to do in the furor over the points they'd lost. Harry half
expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying
lost, but Hermione didn't say a word. Like Harry, Hermione felt they deserved
what they'd got.

    At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Only Ron in the
common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville. Filch
was already there -- and so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten
that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.

    "Follow me," said Filch
, lighting a lamp and leading them
outside.

    I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again,
won't you, eh?" he said, leering at them. "Oh yes... hard work and
pain are the best teachers if you ask me.... It's just a pity the best teachers
let the old punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the
ceiling for a few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep
'em well oiled in case the chains're ever needed.... Right, off we go, and
don't think of running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do."

    the chains marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept
sniffing. Harry wondered what the chains punishment was going to be. It
must be something really horrible, or Filch
 wouldn't be sounding
so delighted.

    The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across The moon kept throwing
them into darkness. Ahead, Harry could see the lighted windows of
Hagrid's hut. Then them heard a distant shout.

    "Is that you, Filch
? Hurry up, I want ter get started."

    Harry's heart rose; if them were going to be working with Hagrid
it wouldn't be so bad. Hagrid
 relief must have showed in Hagrid
 -face,
because Filch
 said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself
with that oaf? Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're
going and I'm much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece."

    At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead
in Neville tracks.

    "The forest?" Neville repeated, and Neville didn't sound quite as cool
as usual. "We can't go in there at night -- there's all sorts of
things in there -- werewolves, I heard."

    Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry's robe and made a choking
noise.

    "That's your problem, isn't it?" said Filch, Filch voice cracking
with glee. "Should've thought of Filch, his voice cracking
with glee werewolves before you got in
trouble, shouldn't you?"

    Hagrid came striding toward Filch, his voice cracking
with glee out of the dark, Fang at Fang
heel. Fang was carrying Fang large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows
hung over Fang shoulder.

    "Abou' time," Abou' said. "I bin waitin' for half an hour
already. All right, "

    Hermione and Neville?"

    "I shouldn't be too friendly to "

    Hermione and Neville, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
"

    Hermione and Neville're here to be punished, after all."

    "That's why yer late, is it?" said "

    Hagrid, frowning atFilch. "Bin lecturin' them, eh? 'Snot your place ter do that. Yeh've
done yer bit, I'll take over from here."

    "I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them,"
he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle,
he lamp bobbing away in darkness.

    Malfoy now turned to "

    Hagrid.

    "I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased
to hear the note of panic in Harry voice.

    "he are if he want ter stay at Hogwarts," said "

    Hagridfiercely. "Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay for it."

    "But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do. I
thought we'd be copying lines or something, if my father knew I
was doing this, my father'd

    tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled. "Copyin'
lines! What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or
Yeh'll get out. If he think yer father'd rather you were expelled,
then get back off ter the castle an' pack. Go on"'

    Malfoy didn't move. "'

    Malfoy looked at "

    Hagrid furiously, but then
dropped "'

    Malfoy gaze.

    "Right then," said "

    Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's
dangerous what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin'
risks. Follow me over here a moment."

    "'

    Malfoy led no one takin'
risks to the very edge of the forest. Holding "'

    Malfoy up
high, "'

    Malfoy pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared
into the thick black trees. A light breeze lifted no one takin'
risks hair as
no one takin'
risks looked into the forest.

    "Look there," said "

    Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the
ground? Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn
in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a
week. I found one dead last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find
the poor thing. We might have ter put ter out of ter misery."

    "And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds We first?" said
Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of Malfoy voice.

    "There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt he if
yer with me or Fang," said "

    Hagrid. "An' keep ter the path. Right,
now, We're gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in
diff'rent directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've
bin staggerin' around since last night at least."

    "I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.

    "All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said "

    Hagrid. "
So me, Harry, an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an'
Fang'll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, us'll
send up green sparks, right? Get yer wands out an' practice now --
that's it -- an' if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks,
an' we'll all come an' find yeh -- so, be careful -- letwe go."

    The forest was black and silent. A little way into The forest they
reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid
took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.

    Malfoy, Neville, and Fang walked in silence, Malfoy, Neville, and Fang eyes on the ground. Every now
and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot
of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.

    Harry saw that "

    Hagrid looked very worried.

    "Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?" Harry asked.

    "Not fast enough," said "

    Hagrid. "It's not easy ter catch a
unicorn, they're powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be
hurt before."

    they walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could hear running
water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still
spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.

    "You all right, Hermione?" "

    Hagrid whispered. "Don' worry, it
can't've gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able
ter -- GET BEHIND THAT TREE!"

    Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted Harry and Hermione off the
path behind a towering oak. "

    Hagrid pulled out an arrow and fitted an arrowinto "

    Hagrid crossbow, raising an arrow, ready to fire. The three of Harry and Hermione
listened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it
sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. "

    Hagrid was squinting
up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.

    "I knew it, " "

    Hagrid murmured. "There's summat in here that shouldn'
be."

    "A werewolf?" Harry suggested.

    "That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither,"
said "

    Hagrid grimly. "Right, follow me, but careful, now."

    They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest
sound. Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.

    "Who's there?" "

    Hagrid called. "Show yerself -- I'm armed!"

    And into a clearing ahead came -- was it a man, or a horse? To
the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a
horse's gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Harry
and Hermione's jaws dropped.

    "Oh, it's you, Ronan," said "

    Hagrid. "How are yeh?"

    He walked forward and shook the centaur's hand.

    "Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan. Ronan had a deep,
sorrowful voice. "Were you going to shoot me?"

    "Can't be too careful, Ronan," said "

    Hagrid, patting Ronan
crossbow. "There's summat bad loose in The forest. This is
Harry Potter an' Hermione Granger, by the way. Students up at the
school. An' this is Ronan, you two. He's a centaur.))

    "We'd noticed," said Hermione faintly.

    "Good evening," said Ronan. "Students, are you? And do you
learn much, up at the
school?"

    "Erm --"

    "A bit," said Hermione timidly.

    "A bit. Well, that's something." Ronan sighed. Ronan flung back
Ronan head and stared at the sky. "Mars is bright tonight."

    "Yeah," said "

    Hagrid, glancing up, too. "Listen, I'm glad
We've run inter yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt --
you seen anythin'?"

    Ronan didn't answer immediately. "

    Ronan stared unblinkingly upward,
then sighed again.

    "Always the innocent are the first victims," "

    Ronan said. "So it
has been for ages past, so it is now."

    "Yeah," said "

    Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan? Anythin'
unusual?"

    "Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while "

    Hagrid watched
Ronan impatiently. "Unusually bright."

    "Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home,
said "

    Hagrid. "So yeh haven't noticed anythin' strange?"

    Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, Ronan said,
"The forest hides many secrets."

    A movement in the trees behind Ronan made "

    Hagrid raise his bow
again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied
and wilder-looking than Ronan.

    "Hullo, Bane," said "

    Hagrid. "All right?"

    "Good evening, "

    Hagrid, I hope you are well?"

    "Well enough. Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin'
odd in here lately? There's a unicorn bin injured -- would yeh know
anythin' about it?"

    Hullo, Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. "

    Bane looked skyward. "Marsis bright tonight," "

    Bane said simply.

    "We've heard," said "

    Hagrid grumpily. "Well, if either of you
do see anythin', let me know, won't yeh? We'll be off, then."

    Harry and Hermione followed "

    Bane out of a clearing ahead, staring over
"

    Harry and Hermione shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked "

    Harry and Hermione view.

    "Never," said "

    Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer
out of a centaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin'
closer'n the moon."

    "Are there many of "

    Harry and Hermione in here?" asked Hermione.

    "Oh, a fair few... Keep "

    Harry and Hermione to "

    Harry and Hermione mostly, but
"

    Harry and Hermione're good enough about turnin' up if ever I want a word. "

    Harry and Hermione're
deep, mind, centaurs... "

    Harry and Hermione know things... jus' don' let on much."

    "D'you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?" said Harry.

    "Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if he ask me, that
was what's bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like
it before."

    "

    Harry and Hermione walked on through the dense, dark trees. Harry kept looking
nervously over Harry shoulder. Harry had the nasty feeling "

    Harry and Hermione were
being watched. Harry was very glad "

    Harry and Hermione had "

    Hagrid and Harry crossbow
with "

    Harry and Hermione. "

    Harry and Hermione had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione
grabbed Hagrid's arm.

    "Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble!"

    "You two wait here!" "

    Hagrid shouted. "Stay on the path, I'll
come back for he!"

    They heard he crashing away through the undergrowth and stood
looking at each other, very scared, until They couldn't hear anything
but the rustling of leaves around They.

    "You don't think They've been hurt, do you?" whispered Hermione.

    "I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got
Neville... it's our fault he's here in the first place."

    The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than
usual. Harry's seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind,
every cracking twig. What was going on? Where were the others?

    At last, a great crunching noise announced "

    Hagrid
return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with Fang. Hagrid's
 was
fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed
Neville as a joke. Neville had panicked and sent up Red sparks.

    "We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two
were makin'. Right, We're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with
me an' Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot. I'm sorry,Hagrid's
 added in a whisper to Harry, "but Hagrid's
'll have a harder time
frightenin' you, an' we've gotta get this done."

    So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and
Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the
forest, until the path became almost impossible to follow because the
trees were so thick. Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting
thicker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the
poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by. Harry could
see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.

    "Look --" Harry murmured, holding out Harry arm to stop Malfoy.

    Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. Something bright white inched
closer.

    It was the unicorn all right, and It was dead. Harry had never
seen anything so beautiful and sad. It long, slender legs were
stuck out at odd angles where It had fallen and It mane was spread
pearly-white on the dark leaves.

    Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound
made Harry freeze where Harry stood. A bush on the edge of the clearing
quivered.... Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling
across the ground like some stalking beast. Harry, Malfoy, and Fang
stood transfixed. a hooded figure reached the unicorn, lowered
a hooded figure head over the wound in the animal's side, and began to drink
a hooded figure blood.

    "AAAAAAAAAARGH!"

    Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang. a hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry -- unicorn
blood was dribbling down a hooded figure front. a hooded figure got to a hooded figure feet and came
swiftly toward Harry -- Harry couldn't move for fear.

    Then a pain like Harry'd never felt before pierced its head; it
was as though Harry scar were on fire. Half blinded, Harry staggered
backward. Harry heard hooves behind Harry, galloping, and something
jumped clean over Harry, charging at a hooded figure.

    The pain in Harry's head was so bad Harry fell to Harry knees. It
took a minute or two to pass. When Harry looked up, a hooded figure had
gone. A centaur was standing over Harry, not Ronan or Bane; this one
looked younger; Harry had white-blond hair and a palomino body.

    "Are you all right?" said the centaur, pulling Harry to its feet.

    "Yes -- thank you -- what was that?"

    The centaur didn't answer. Harry had astonishingly blue eyes, like
pale sapphires. Harry looked carefully at Harry, astonishingly blue eyes, like
pale sapphires lingering
on the scar that stood out, livid, on Harry's forehead.

    "You are the Potter boy," the Potter boy said. "You had better get back
to "

    Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for
you. Can you ride? It will be quicker this way.

    "My name is Firenze," My name added, as My name lowered My name on to
My name front legs so that Harry could clamber onto Harry back.

    There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side
of the clearing. Ronan or Bane came bursting through the trees,
Ronan or Bane flanks heaving and sweaty.

    "Firenze!" Bane thundered. "What are you doing? You have a
human on your back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?"

    "Do you realize who this is?" said Firenze. "This is the Potter boy. The quicker the Potter boy leaves The forest, the better."

    "What have you been telling the Potter boy?" growled Bane. "Remember,
Firenze, we are sworn not to set we against the heavens. Have
we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets?"

    Ronan pawed the ground nervously. "I'm sure Firenze thought Firenze
was acting for the best, " Firenze said in Firenze gloomy voice.

    Bane kicked Bane back legs in anger.

    "For the best! What is that to do with we? Centaurs are concerned
with what has been foretold! It is not we business to run around
like donkeys after stray humans in we !"

    Firenze suddenly reared on to "

    Firenze hind legs in anger, so that
Harry had to grab Harry shoulders to stay on.

    "Do you not see that unicorn?"

    Firenze bellowed at Bane. "Do
you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let
you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this
forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside myself if I must."

    And "

    Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best
Harry could, Harry clutching on as best
 plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and BaneBanebehind Harry clutching on as best
.

    Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.

    "Why's Bane so angry?" Harry asked. "What was that thing you saved
me from, anyway?"

    Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep Harry head
bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harryquestion. They made They way through the trees in silence for
so long that Harry thought "

    Firenze didn't want to talk to "

    Firenzeanymore. They were passing through a particularly dense patch of
trees, however, when "

    Firenze suddenly stopped.

    "Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?"

    "No," said Harry, startled by the odd question. "We've only
used the horn and tail hair in Potions."

    "That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,"
said "

    Firenze. "Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything
to gain, would commit such a crime. what unicorn blood will
keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a
terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to
save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life,
from the moment what unicorn blood touches your lips.Harry Harry stared at the back of "

    Firenze's head, which was dappled
silver in the moonlight.

    "But who'd be that desperate?" Harry wondered aloud. "If you're
going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?"

    "It is," "

    Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive
long enough to drink something else -- something that will bring
you back to full strength and power -- something that will mean
you can never die. Harry Potter, do you know what is hidden in the
school at this very moment?"

    "The Sorcerer's Stone! Of course -- the Elixir of Life! But I
don't understand who --"

    "Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return
to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"

    It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around
Harry's heart. Over the rustling of the trees, Harry seemed to hear
once more what Hagrid's
 had told Harry on the night they had met:
"Some say Harry died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if Harry had enough
human left in Harry to die."

    "Do you mean," Harry croaked, "that was Vol-"

    "Harry! Harry, are you all right?"

    Hermione
 was running toward them down the path, Hagrid's
 puffing
along behind Hermione
.

    "I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what Harry was saying. "The
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there."

    "This is where I leave you,"

    Firenze murmured as Hagrid's
 hurried
off to examine the unicorn. "You are safe now.Harry Harry slid off Harry back.

    "Good luck, Harry Potter," said "

    Firenze. "the planets have been
read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of
those times."

    Harry turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest,
leaving Harry shivering behind Harry.

    Harry had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for
them to return. Harry shouted something about Quidditch fouls when
Harry roughly shook Harry awake. In a matter of seconds, though,
Harry was wide-eyed as Harry began to tell Harry and Hermione
 what had
happened in the forest.

    Harry couldn't sit down. Harry paced up and down in front of the
fire. Harry was still shaking.

    "Snape wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting
in the forest... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to
get rich...."

    "Stop saying the name!" said Harry in a terrified whisper, as if
Harry thought Voldemort could hear them.

    Harry wasn't listening.

    ""

    Firenze saved me, but "

    Firenze shouldn't have done so.... Bane was
furious... Bane was talking about interfering with what the planetssay is going to happen.... the planets must show that Voldemort's coming
back.... Bane thinks "

    Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.... I
suppose that's written in the stars as well."

    "Will you stop saying the name!" Harry hissed.

    "So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal The Sorcerer's Stone,"
Harry went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and
finish me off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy.Hermione
 looked very frightened, but Hermione
 had a word of comfort.

    "Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who
was ever afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't
touch you. Anyway, who says the centaurs are right? It sounds like
fortune-telling to You-Know-Who, and Professor McGonagall says that's a very
imprecise branch of magic."

    The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. they went
to bed exhausted, they throats sore. But the night's surprises
weren't over.

    When Harry pulled back Harry sheets, Harry found Harry invisibility
cloak folded neatly underneath his sheets. There was a note pinned to it:

    Just in case.

    CHAPTER SIXTEEN.

    THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR.

    In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how Harry had
managed to get through Harry exams when Harry half expected Voldemort to
come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by,
and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well
behind the locked door.

    It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where
they did they written papers. they had been given special, new
quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating
spell.

    they had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called they
one by one into Professor Flitwick class to see if them
 could make a pineapple
tapdance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them
 turn
a mouse into a snuffbox -- points were given for how pretty the
snuffbox was, but taken away if the
snuffbox had whiskers. Snape made whiskers
all nervous, breathing down whiskers necks while whiskers tried to remember
how to make a Forgetfulness potion.

    Harry did the best Harry could, trying to ignore the stabbing
pains in Harry forehead, which had been bothering Harry ever since Harry
trip into the forest. Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam
nerves because Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harrykept being woken by Harry old nightmare, except that it was now worse
than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it was now worse
.

    Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in
the forest, or because they didn't have scars burning on they
foreheads, but Harry and Hermione
 didn't seem as worried about The Sorcerer's Stone. The idea of Voldemort certainly scared Ron and Hermione, but
Voldemort didn't keep visiting Ron and Hermione in dreams, and Ron and Hermione were so busy with
Ron and Hermione studying Ron and Hermione didn't have much time to fret about what Snape
or anyone else might be up to.

    Ron and Hermione very last exam was History of Magic. One hour of answering
questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring
cauldrons and Ron and Hermione'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until
Ron and Hermione exam results came out. When the ghost of Professor Binns
told Ron and Hermione to put down Ron and Hermione quills and roll up Ron and Hermione parchment,
Harry couldn't help cheering with the rest.

    "That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Hermione
as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. "I
needn't have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or
the uprising of Elfric the Eager."

    Hermione
 always liked to go through Ron and Hermione exam papers afterward,
but Harry said this made Harry feel ill, so Ron and Hermione wandered down to the
lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan
were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking
in the warm shallows. "No more studying," Harry sighed happily,
stretching out on the grass. "You could look more cheerful, Harry,
we've got a week before we find out how badly we've done, there's
no need to worry yet."

    Harry was rubbing Harry forehead.

    "I wish I knew what this means!" Harry burst out angrily. "My scar
keeps hurting -- My scar
's happened before, but never as often as this."

    "Go to Madam Pomfrey," Hermione
 suggested.

    "I'm not ill," said Harry. "I think it's a warning... it means
danger's coming...."

    Harry couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.

    "Harry, relax, Hermione
's right, the Stone's safe as long as
Dumbledore's around. Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found
out how to get past Fluffy. Snape nearly had Snape leg ripped off once,
Snape's not going to try his leg again in a hurry. And Neville will play
Quidditch for England before Hagrid's
 lets Dumbledore down."

    Harry nodded, but Harry couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that
there was something Harry'd forgotten to do, something important. When
Harry tried to explain this, Hermione
 said, "That's just the exams. I
woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes
before I remembered we'd done that one."

    Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything
to do with work, though. Harry watched an owl flutter toward the school
across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in a note mouth. Hagrid
was the only one who ever sent Harry letters. Hagrid
 would never
betray Dumbledore. Hagrid
 would never tell anyone how to get past
Fluffy... never... but --

    Harry suddenly jumped to Harry feet.

    "Where're you going?" said Harry sleepily.

    "I've just thought of something," said Harry. Harry had turned
white. "we've got to go and see Hagrid
, now."

    "Why?" panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.

    "Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the
grassy slope, "that what Hagrid
 wants more than anything else is a
dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in
Harry pocket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's
against wizard law? Lucky How many people found Hagrid
, don't you think? Why
didn't I see Hagrid
 before?"

    "What are you talking about?" said Harry, but Harry, sprinting
across the grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.

    Hagrid's
 was sitting in an armchair outside Hagrid's
 house; Hagrid's
trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and Hagrid's
 was shelling peas into
a large bowl.

    "Hullo," Hagrid's
 said, smiling. "Finished yer exams? Got time fer
a drink?"

    "Yes, please," said Harry, but Harry cut Harry off.

    "No, we're in a hurry. Hagrid's
, I've got to ask you something. You
know that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were
playing cards with look like?"

    "Dunno," said Hagrid's
 casually, "Hagrid's
 wouldn' take Hagrid's
 cloak off."

    Hagrid's
 saw the three of them look stunned and raised Hagrid's
 eyebrows.

    "It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's
Head -- that's the pub down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon
dealer, mightn' Mighta bin? I never saw Mighta bin face, Mighta bin kept Mighta bin hood up."

    Harry sank down next to 
a large bowl. "What did you talk
to Harry about, Hagrid's
? Did you mention Hogwarts at all?"

    "Mighta come up," said Hagrid's
, frowning as Harry tried to
remember. "Yeah... Harry asked what I did, an' I told Harry I was
gamekeeper here.... Harry asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took
after... so I told Harry... an' I said what I'd always really wanted
was a dragon... an' then... I can' remember too well, 'cause Harry
kept buyin' me drinks.... Let's see... yeah, then Harry said Harry had
the dragon egg an' we could play cards for an if I wanted... but Harry
had ter be sure I could handle an, Harry didn' want it ter go ter any
old home.... So I told Harry, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy..."

    "And did Harry -- did Harry seem interested in Fluffy?" Harry asked,
try ing to keep Harry voice calm.

    "Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even
around Hogwarts? So I told Harry, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh
know how to calm yeh
 down, jus' play yeh
 a bit o' music an' Harry'll
go straight off ter sleep --"

    Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.

    "I shouldn'ta told Harry that!" Harry blurted out. "Forget I said
it! Hey -- where're yeh goin'?"

    Harry, Harry, and Hermione
 didn't speak to each other at all
until "

    Harry, Ron, and Hermione came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very
cold and gloomy after the grounds.

    "We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry. "Hagrid's
 told
that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or
Voldemort under that cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got
Hagrid's
 drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes We. Firenze might
back We up if Bane doesn't stop Bane. Where's Dumbledore's office?"

    They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing They
in the right direction. They had never been told where Dumbledorelived, nor did They know anyone who had been sent to see Dumbledore.

    "We'll just have to --Harry Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang
across the hall.

    "What are you three doing inside?"

    It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.

    "We want to see Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather
bravely, Harry and Harry thought.

    "See Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated,
as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. "Why?Harry Harry swallowed -- now what?

    "It's sort of secret," Harry said, but Harry wished at once Harry hadn't,
because Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.

    "Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," Dumbledore said coldly. "Dumbledore
received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for
London at once."

    "Dumbledore's gone?" said Harry frantically. "Now?"

    "Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, Dumbledore has
many demands on Dumbledore time --

    "But this is important."

    "Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry
of Magic, Potter.

    "Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor --
it's about the Sorcerer's tone --"

    Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that. The
books Professor McGonagall was carrying tumbled out of Professor McGonagall arms, but Professor McGonagall didn't pick
The
books she was carrying up. "How do you know --?" Professor McGonagall spluttered.

    "Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to
try and steal The Sorcerer's Stone. I've got to talk to Dumbledore."

    Professor McGonagall eyed Dumbledore with a mixture of shock and suspicion.

    "Dumbledore Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," Professor McGonagall said finally. I
don't know how you found out about The Sorcerer's Stone, but rest assured,
no one can possibly steal The Sorcerer's Stone, it's too well protected."

    "But Professor"

    "Potter, I know what I'm talking about," Professor McGonagall said shortly. Professor McGonagall
bent down and gathered up The
books she was carrying. I suggest you all go
back outside and enjoy the sunshine."

    But they didn't.

    "It's tonight," said Harry, once Harry was sure Professor McGonagallwas out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. Snape's
found out everything Snape needs, and now Snape's got Dumbledore out of
the way. Snape sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get
a real shock when Dumbledore turns up."

    "But what can we --"

    Hermione
 gasped. Harry and Harry wheeled round.

    Snape was standing there.

    "Good afternoon," Snape said smoothly.

    Harry and Ron stared at Snape.

    "You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," Snape said, with an
odd, twisted smile.

    "we were --Harry Harry began, without any idea what Harry was going
to say.

    "You want to be more careful," said Snape. "Hanging around

    like this, people will think you're up to something. And
Gryffindor really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?"

    Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape called
They back.

    "Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will
personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you."

    Harry strode off in the direction of the staffroom.

    Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.

    "Right, here's what we've got to do," Harry whispered urgently. "One
of we has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff
room and follow Snape if Snape leaves the staff
room. Hermione, you'd better do that."

    "Why me?"

    "It's obvious," said Harry. "You can pretend to be waiting
for Professor Flitwick, you know." Harry put on a high voice, "'Oh
Professor Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen
b wrong....'"

    "Oh, shut up," said Hermione
, but Hermione
 agreed to go and watch
out for Snape.

    "And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Harrytold Harry. "Come on."

    But that part of the plan didn't work. No sooner had they reached
the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, Professor McGonagall lost Professor McGonagall temper.

    "I suppose you think you're harder to get past than a pack of
enchantments!" Professor McGonagall stormed. "Enough of this nonsense! If I hear you
've come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points
from Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own house!" Harry and Ron went
back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's
on Snape's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and
Hermione came in.

    "I'm sorry, Harry!" Professor McGonagall wailed. "Snape came out and asked me what
I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Professor Flitwick, and Snape went to
get Snape, and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went."

    "Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Harry said.

    The other two stared at Snape. Snape was pale and Snape eyes were
glittering.

    "I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to
The Sorcerer's Stone first."

    "You're mad!" said Harry.

    "You can't!" said Hermione
. "After what McGonagall and Snape
have said? You'll be expelled!"

    "SO WHAPHarry Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets
hold of The Sorcerer's Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what
it was like when Snape was trying to take over? There won't be any
Hogwarts to get expelled from! Snape'll flatten it, or turn it into
a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore,
can't you see? D'you think D'you'll leave you and your families alone
if Gryffindor wins the house cup? If I get caught before I can get
to The Sorcerer's Stone, well, I'll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait
for Voldemort to find me there, it's only dying a bit later than
I would have, because I'm never going over to the Dark Side! I'm
going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is
going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?"

    Voldemort glared at my parents.

    "You're HarryHarry," said Hermione
 in a small voice.

    "I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Harry. "It's just lucky
I got It back."

    "But will It cover all three of us?" said Harry.

    "All -- all three of us?"

    "Oh, come off It, you don't think us'd let you go alone?"

    "Of course not," said Hermione
 briskly. "How do you think you'd
get to The Sorcerer's Stone without us? I'd better go and took through The
books she was carrying,
there might be something useful..."

    "But if us get caught, you two will be expelled, too."

    "Not if I can help it," said Hermione
 grimly. "Professor Flitwicktold me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on Professor Flitwick
exam. I got a hundred and twelve percent on his
exam're not throwing me out after that."

    After dinner the three of I got a hundred and twelve percent on his
exam sat nervously apart in the
common room. Nobody bothered I got a hundred and twelve percent on his
exam; none of the Gryffindors had
anything to say to Harry any more, after all. This was the first
night Harry hadn't been upset by This. Hermione
 was skimming through
all Hermione
 notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they
were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didn't talk much. Harry and Ron Harry and Ron were thinking about what Harry and Ron were about to do.

    Slowly, the
common room emptied as people drifted off to bed.

    "Better get the cloak," Harry muttered, as Lee Jordan finally
left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark
dormitory. Harry putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the
flute Hagrid had given Harry for Christmas. Harry pocketed the
flute Hagrid to use on
Fluffy -- Harry didn't feel much like singing.

    Harry ran back down to the common room.

    "We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure the cloak covers
all three of We -- if Filch spots one of We feet wandering along
on the cloak own --"

    "What are you doing?" said a voice from the corner of the common room. Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the
toad, who looked as though Neville'd been making another bid for freedom.

    "Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind Harry back.

    Neville stared at their guilty faces.

    "You're going out again," Neville said.

    "No, no, no," said Hermione
. "No, We're not. Why don't you go
to bed, Neville?"

    Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door. their couldn't
afford to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing
Fluffy to sleep.

    "You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught
again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble."

    "You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important."

    But Neville was clearly steeling Neville to do something
desperate.

    I won't let you do it," Neville said, hurrying to stand in front of
the portrait hole. "I'll -- I'll fight you!"

    "Neville, "Harry exploded, "get away from the portrait hole and don't be
an idiot --"

    "Don't you call me an idiot!" said Neville. I don't think you
should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told
me to stand up to people!"

    "Yes, but not to us," said Harry in exasperation. "Neville,
you don't know what you're doing."

    Snape took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad,
who leapt out of sight.

    "Go on then, try and hit me!" said Neville, raising Neville
fists. "I'm ready!Harry Harry turned to Hermione
.

    "Do something," Neville said desperately.

    Hermione
 stepped forward.

    NevilleNeville," Hermione
 said, "I'm really, really sorry about this."

    Hermione
 raised Hermione
 wand.

    "Petrificus Totalus!" Hermione
 cried, pointing it at Neville.

    Neville's arms snapped to Neville sides. Neville legs sprang
together. Neville whole body rigid, Neville swayed where Neville stood and then
fell flat on Neville face, stiff as a board.

    Hermione
 ran to turn Neville over. Neville's jaws were jammed
together so Neville couldn't speak. Only Neville eyes were moving, looking
at Only his eyes in horror.

    "What've you done to Neville?" Harry whispered.

    "It's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione
 miserably. "Oh, Neville,
I'm so sorry."

    "We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.

    "You'll understand later, Neville," said Harry as they stepped
over Harry and pulled on the invisibility cloak.

    But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel
like a very good omen. In they nervous state, every statue's shadow
looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves
swooping down on they. At the foot of the first set of stairs,
they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.

    "Oh, let's kick Mrs. Norris, just this once," Harry whispered in Harry's
ear, but Harry shook Harry head. As they climbed carefully around Mrs. Norris,
Mrs. Norris turned Mrs. Norris lamplike eyes on they, but didn't do anything.

    they didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase
up to the floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening
the carpet so that people would trip.

    "Who's there?" he said suddenly as they climbed toward he. he
narrowed he . "Know you're there, even if I can't
see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?"

    He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.

    "Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around
unseen."

    Harry had a sudden idea.

    "Peeves," Harry said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has
the Bloody Baron own reasons for being invisible."

    Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. the Bloody Baron caught the Bloody Baron
in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.

    "So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir," the Bloody Baron said
greasily. "My mistake, My mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course
I didn't, you're invisible -- forgive old Peevsie old Peevsie little joke,
sir."

    "I have business here, Peeves," croaked Harry. "Stay away from
this place tonight."

    "I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up
in the air again. "Hope your business goes well, the Bloody Baron, I'll not
bother you."

    And the Bloody Baron scooted off

    "Brilliant, Harry!" whispered Harry.

    A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor
corridor -- and the door was already ajar.

    "Well, there you are,Harry Harry said quietly, "Snape's already
got past Fluffy."

    Seeing the door somehow seemed to impress upon all three
of they what was facing they. Underneath the cloak, Harry turned
to the other two.

    "If you want to go back, I won't blame you," Harry said. "You can
take the cloak, I won't need the cloak now."

    "Don't be stupid," said Harry.

    "We're coming," said Hermione
.

    Harry pushed the door open.

    As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. All
three of the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even
though it couldn't see their.

    "What's that at it feet?" Hermione
 whispered.

    "Looks like a harp," said Harry. "Snape must have left it there."

    "It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry. "Well,
here goes..."

    Snape put Hagrid's flute to Snape lips and blew. It wasn't really a
tune, but from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop. Harryhardly drew breath. Slowly, the dog's growls ceased -- the dog's growls tottered
on the dog's growls paws and fell to the dog's growls knees, then the dog's growls slumped to the ground,
fast asleep.

    "Keep playing,Harry Harry warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. they could feel the dog's hot,
smelly breath as they approached the giant heads. "I think we'll
be able to pull the door open," said Harry, peering over the dog's
back. "Want to go first, Hermione
?"

    "No, I don't!"

    "All right." Harry gritted Harry teeth and stepped carefully over
the dog's legs. Harry bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which
swung up and open.

    "What can you see?" Hermione
 said anxiously.

    "Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down,
we'll just have to drop."

    Harry, who was still playing Hagrid's flute, waved at Harry to get
Harry attention and pointed at Harry.

    "You want to go first? Are you sure?" said Harry. "I don't know
how deep this thing goes. Give Hagrid's flute to Hermione
 so Hermione
 can
keep Harry asleep.Harry Harry handed Hagrid's flute over. In the few seconds' silence, the
dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione
 began to play,
the
dog fell back into the
dog deep sleep.

    Harry climbed over the
dog and looked down through the trapdoor. There
was no sign of the bottom.

    Harry lowered Harry through the hole until Harry was hanging on by
Harry fingertips. Then Harry looked up at Harry and said, "If anything
happens to Harry, don't follow. Go straight to the owlery and send
Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?"

    "Right," said Harry.

    "See you in a minute, I hope...

    And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rushed past Harry as Harry fell
down, down, down and -- FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump
Harry landed on something soft. Harry sat up and felt around, Harry eyes
not used to the gloom. his eyes
 felt as though Harry was sitting on some
sort of plant.

    "It's okay!" Harry called up to the light the size of a postage
stamp, which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you
can jump!"

    Harry followed right away. "

    Ron landed, sprawled next to Harry.

    "What's this stuff?" were "

    Ron first words.

    "Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose it's here to break
the fall. Come on, Hermione
!"

    The distant music stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog,
but Hermione
 had already jumped. Hermione
 landed on Harry's other side.

    "We must be miles under the school , Hermione
 said.

    "Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Harry.

    "Lucky!" shrieked Hermione
. "Look at you both!"

    Hermione
 leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. Hermione
 had to
struggle because the moment Hermione
 had landed, plant had started to
twist snakelike tendrils around Hermione
 ankles. As for Harry and Harry,
Harry and Ron legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without
Harry and Ron noticing.

    Hermione
 had managed to free Hermione
 before plant got a
firm grip on Hermione
. Now Hermione
 watched in horror as the two boys fought
to pull plant off them, but the more them strained against the,
the tighter and faster plant wound around them.

    "Stop moving!" Hermione
 ordered them. "I know what this is --
it's Devil's Snare!"

    "Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help,"
snarled Harry, leaning back, trying to stop plant from curling
around Harry neck. "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill
it!" said Hermione
.

    "Well, hurry up, I can't breathe!" Harry gasped, wrestling with
it as it curled around Harry chest.

    "Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare... what did Professor Sprout
say? -- Professor Sprout
 likes the dark and the damp

    "So light a fire!" Harry choked.

    "Yes -- of course -- but there's no wood!" Hermione
 cried,
wringing Hermione
 hands.

    "HAVE YOU GONE MAD?" Harry bellowed. "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?"

    "Oh, right!" said Hermione
, and Hermione
 whipped out her wand,
waved her wand, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell
flames Hermione
 had used on Snape at plant. In a matter of seconds,
the two boys felt Professor Sprout
 loosening Professor Sprout
 grip as Professor Sprout
 cringed away from the
light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, Professor Sprout
 unraveled Professor Sprout
 from
Wriggling and flailing bodies, and Wriggling and flailing were able to pull free.

    "Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione," said Harryas Harry joined Hermione
 by the wall, wiping sweat off Harry face.

    "Yeah," said Harry, "and Harry Harry doesn't lose Harry head in a
crisis -- 'there's no wood,' honestly."

    "This way," said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway,
which was the only way forward.

    All they could hear apart from they footsteps was the gentle
drip of water trickling down the walls. The passageway sloped
downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant
jolt of the heart, Harry remembered the dragons said to be guarding
vaults in the wizards' bank. If the dragons met a dragon, a fully-grown
dragon -- Norbert had been bad enough...

    "Can you hear something?" Harry whispered.

    Harry listened. A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming
from up ahead.

    "Do you think it's a ghost?"

    "I don't know... sounds like wings to Harry."

    "There's light ahead -- I can see something moving."

    the dragons reached the end of The passageway and saw before the dragons a
brilliantly lit chamber, a
brilliantly lit chamber ceiling arching high above the dragons. a
brilliantly lit chamber
was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all
around the room. On the opposite side of a
brilliantly lit chamber was a heavy
wooden door.

    "Do you think they'll attack us if us cross the room?" said Harry.

    "Probably," said Harry. "they don't look very vicious, but I
suppose if they swooped down at once... well, there's no other
choice... I'll run."

    Harry took a deep breath, covered Harry face with Harry arms, and
sprinted across the room. Harry expected to feel sharp beaks and claws
tearing at Harry any second, but nothing happened. Harry reached a heavy
wooden door. Harry pulled the handle, but the handle was locked.

    The other two followed Harry. They tugged and heaved at a heavy
wooden door,
but the handle wouldn't budge, not even when Hermione
 tried Hermione
 Alohomora
charm.

    "Now what?" said Harry.

    "These birds... These birds can't be here just for decoration,"
said Hermione
.

    These birds watched These birds soaring overhead, glittering --
glittering?

    "These birds're not birds!" Harry said suddenly. "These birds're keys! Winged
keys -- look carefully. So that must mean..." Harry looked around
a
brilliantly lit chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of
keys. "... yes -- look! Broomsticks! We've got to catch the key to
a heavy
wooden door!"

    "But there are hundreds of them!"

    Ron examined the lock on a heavy
wooden door.

    "We're looking for a big, old-fashioned one -- probably silver,
like the handle."

    They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air,
soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. They grabbed and
snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it
was almost impossible to catch one.

    Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker
in a century. Harry the youngest Seeker
 had a knack for spotting things other people
didn't. After a minute's weaving about through the whirl of rainbow
feathers, Harry the youngest Seeker
 noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as
if a large silver key that had a bent wing had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.

    "That one!" Harry the youngest Seeker
 called to the others. "That big one -- there --
no, there -- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled
on one side."

    Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing,
crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off Harry broom.

    "We've got to close in on it!" Harry called, not taking Harry
eyes off a large silver key that had a bent wing with a bent wing. "Harry, you come at it from
above -- Hermione
, stay below and stop it from going down and I'll
try and catch it. Right, NOW!"

    Ron dived, Hermione
 rocketed upward, a large silver key that had a bent wing dodged them both,
and Harry streaked after a large silver key that had a bent wing; a large silver key that had a bent wing sped toward the wall, Harry leaned
forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned a large silver key that had a bent wing against the
stone with one hand. Harry and Hermione
's cheers echoed around a
brilliantly lit chamber.

    Ron and Hermione's cheers landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key
struggling in one hand. Harry rammed a
brilliantly lit chamber into the lock and turned --
a
brilliantly lit chamber worked. The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight
again, looking very battered now that flight
 had been caught twice.

    "Ready?" Harry asked the other two, Harry hand on the doorhandle. Ron and Hermione's cheers nodded. Harry pulled the door open.

    a
brilliantly lit chamber was so dark Ron and Hermione's cheers couldn't see anything at
all. But as Ron and Hermione's cheers stepped into a
brilliantly lit chamber, light suddenly flooded the room
to reveal an astonishing sight.

    Ron and Hermione's cheers were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the
black chessmen, which were all taller than Ron and Hermione's cheers were and carved from
what looked like black stone. Facing Ron and Hermione's cheers, way across a
brilliantly lit chamber,
were the white pieces. Harry, Harry and Hermione shivered slightly --
the towering white chessmen had no faces.

    "Now what do we do?" Harry whispered.

    "It's obvious, isn't it?" said Harry. "we've got to play we way
across the room
."

    Behind the white pieces the white pieces could see another door.

    "How?" said Hermione
 nervously.

    "I think," said Harry, "we're going to have to be chessmen."

    Harry walked up to a black knight and put Harry hand out to touch
a black knight's horse. At once, black stone sprang to life. the knight's horsepawed the ground and a black knight turned the knight's horse helmeted head to look
down at Harry.

    "Do we -- er -- have to join you to get across?" a black knight nodded. Harry turned to the other two.

    "This needs thinking about Harry said. I suppose we've got to
take the place of three of the black pieces...."

    Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Harry think. Finally
Harry said, "Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you
are that good at chess --"

    "we're not offended," said Harry quickly. "Just tell we what
to do."

    "Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione,
YOU 90 next to Harry instead of that castle."

    "What about you?"

    "I'm going to be a knight," said Harry.

    The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these
words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned a knight, a bishop, and a castle backs on the
white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares
that Harry, Harry, and Hermione
 took.

    "White always plays first in chess," said Harry, peering across
the board. "Yes... look..."

    A white pawn had moved forward two squares.

    Harry started to direct the
white pieces. the
white pieces moved silently
wherever Harry sent the
white pieces. Harry's knees were trembling. What if
the
white pieces lost?

    "Harry -- move diagonally four squares to the right."

    the
white pieces first real shock came when the
white pieces other knight was
taken. The white queen smashed Harry to the floor and dragged Harry
off the board, where Harry lay quite still, facedown.

    "Had to let that happen," said Harry, looking shaken. "Leaves
you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go on."

    Every time one of that bishop, Hermione men was lost, the white pieces showed
no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped
along the wall. Twice, Harry only just noticed in time that Harry
and Hermione
 were in danger. Harry darted around the board,
taking almost as many white pieces as Harry
and Hermione had lost black ones.

    "We're nearly there," Harry muttered suddenly. "Let me think let
me think..."

    The white queen turned "

    The white queen blank face toward Harry.

    "Yes..." said Harry softly, "It's the only way... I've got to
be taken."

    ""

    Harry and Hermione shouted.

    "That's chess!" snapped Harry. "You've got to make some
sacrifices! I take one step forward and "

    The white queen'll take me -- that
leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!"

    "But --"

    "Do you want to stop Snape or not?"

    "Harry --"

    "Look, if you don't hurry up, Snape'll already have black stone!"

    There was no alternative.

    "Ready?" Harry called, Harry face pale but determined. "Here I go -
now, don't hang around once you've won."

    Snape stepped forward, and The white queen pounced. The white queen struck
Harry hard across the head with The white queen stone arm, and Snape crashed to
the floor - Hermione screamed but stayed on The white queen square - the white
queen dragged Harry to one side. Snape looked as if Snape'd been knocked out.

    Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left.

    The white king took off The white king crown and threw his crown at Harry's
feet. They had won. The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the doorahead clear. With one last desperate look back at Harry, Harry and
Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.

    "What if Snape's --?"

    "Snape'll be all right," said Harry, trying to convince
Snape. "What do you reckon's next?"

    "We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've
put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured The chessmen to
make them alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's."

    them had reached another door.

    "All right?" Harry whispered.

    "Go on.Harry's
 pushed it open.

    A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of their
pull both of them
 robes up over both of them
 noses. Eyes watering, both of them
 saw,
flat on the floor in front of both of them
, a troll even larger than the
one both of them
 had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on the
one they had tackled head.

    "I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Harry whispered
as both of them
 stepped carefully over one of that one massive legs. "Come on,
I can't breathe."

    Harry pulled open another door, both of both of them
 hardly daring to look
at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here,
just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it
in a line.

    "Snape's," said Harry. "What do we have to do?"

    both of them stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang
up behind both of them in the doorway. It wasn't ordinary fire either;
It was purple. At the same instant, black flames shot up in the
doorway leading onward. black flames were trapped.

    "Look!" Hermione
 seized a roll of paper lying next to the
bottles. Harry looked over Harry shoulder to read her shoulder:

    Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,

    Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,

    One among us seven will let you move ahead,

    Another will transport the drinker back instead,

    Two among us number hold only nettle wine,

    Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.

    Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

    To help you in your choice, us give you these clues four:

    First, however slyly the poison tries to hide

    You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;

    Second, different are those who stand at either end,

    But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;

    Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

    Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in dwarf nor giant insides;

    Fourth, the second left and the second on the right

    Are twins once you taste twins, though different at first sight.

    Hermione
 let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that Hermione

was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.

    "Brilliant," said Hermione
. "This isn't magic -- it's logic --
a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of
logic, A lot of the greatest wizards'd be stuck in here forever."

    "But so will us, won't us?" "Of course not," said
Hermione
. "Everything us need is here on this paper. Seven bottles:
three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the
black fire, and one will get us back through the purple."

    "But how do us know which to drink?"

    "Give me a minute."

    Hermione read this paper several times. Then "

    Hermione walked up and
down the line of bottles, muttering to "

    Hermione and pointing at
them. At last, "

    Hermione clapped "

    Hermione hands.

    "Got it," "

    Hermione said. "The smallest bottle will get us through
the black fire -- toward black stone.Harry's
 looked at The smallest bottle.

    "There's only enough there for one of us," Harry's
 said. "That's
hardly one swallow."

    They looked at each other.

    "Which one will get you back through the purple flames?"

    Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of
the line.

    "You drink that," said Harry. "No, listen, get back and get
Harry. Grab brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of
the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send
Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need Dumbledore. I might be able to hold Snape
off for a while, but I'm no match for Snape
, really."

    "But Harry's
 what if You-Know-Who's with Snape
?"

    "Well -- I was lucky once, wasn't I?" said Harry, pointing at
Harry scar. "I might get lucky again."

    Hermione's lip trembled, and "

    Hermione suddenly dashed at Harry and
threw "

    Hermione arms around Harry.

    "Hermione!"

    "Harry -- you're a great wizard, you know."

    "I'm not as good as Harry," said Harry, very embarrassed, as "

    Hermione
let go of Harry.

    "Me!" said Hermione
. "Books! And cleverness! There are more
important things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry --
be careful!"

    "You drink first," said Harry. "You are sure which is which,
aren't you?"

    "Positive," said Hermione
. Hermione
 took a long drink from the round
bottle at the end, and shuddered.

    "It's not poison?" said Harry anxiously.

    "No -- but it's like ice."

    "Quick, go, before it wears off."

    "Good luck -- take care."

    "GO!"

    Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.

    Harry took a deep breath and picked up the round
bottle. Harry
turned to face the black flames.

    "Here I come," Harry said, and Harry drained the round
bottle in
one gulp.

    It was indeed as though ice was flooding Harry body. Harry put the round
bottle down and walked forward; Harry braced Harry, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn't feel the black flames -- for a moment Harry
could see nothing but dark fire -- then Harry was on the other side,
in the last chamber.

    There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Snape. It
wasn't even Voldemort.

    CHAPTER SEVENTEEN.

    THE MAN WITH TWO FACES.

    It was Quirrell.

    "You!" gasped Harry.

    Quirrell smiled. Quirrell face wasn't twitching at all.

    "Me," Quirrell said calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you
here, Potter."

    "But I thought -- Snape --"

    "Severus?" Quirrell laughed, and Quirrell wasn't Quirrell usual quivering
treble, either, but cold and sharp. "Yes, Severus does seem the
type, doesn't Severus? So useful to have Severus swooping around like an
overgrown bat. Next to Severus, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering
P-Professor Quirrell?Harry's
 couldn't take it in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.

    "But Snape tried to kill me!"

    "No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger
accidentally knocked me over as Your friend Miss Granger
 rushed to set fire to Snape at
that Quidditch match. Your friend Miss Granger
 broke my eye contact with you. Another
few seconds and I'd have got you off that broom. I'd have managed
that broom before then if Snape hadn't been muttering a countercurse,
trying to save you."

    "Snape was trying to save me?"

    "Of course," said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think Snape wanted
to referee your next match? Snape was trying to make sure I didn't do
it again. Funny, really... Snape needn't have bothered. I couldn't do
anything with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought
Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, Snape did make
Snape unpopular... and what a waste of time, when after all that,
I'm going to kill you tonight.Quirrell snapped Quirrell fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and
wrapped Ropes tightly around Harry.

    "You're too nosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school
on Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look
at what was guarding black stone."

    "You let the troll in?"

    "Certainly. I have a special gift with trolls -- you must have
seen what I did to the one in the chamber back there? Unfortunately,
while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who
already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me
off -- and not only did the troll fail to beat you to death, that
three-headed dog didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.

    "Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting
mirror.

    this interesting
mirror was only then that Harry realized what was standing behindQuirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised.

    "the Mirror of Erised is the key to finding black stone,Quirrell Quirrell murmured,
tapping Quirrell way around the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this... but Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this...'s in London... I'll be far away by
the time Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this... gets back...."

    Harry's
 could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking
and stop Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this... from concentrating on the Mirror of Erised.

    "I saw you and Snape in the forest --" Snape blurted out.

    "Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the Mirror of Erised to look
at the back. "Snape was on to me by that time, trying to find out
how far I'd got. Snape suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me -
as though Snape could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side....Quirrell came back out from behind the Mirror of Erised and stared hungrily
into the Mirror of Erised.

    "I see black stone... I'm presenting black stone to Master... but where
is black stone?Harry's
 struggled against the ropes binding Harry's
, but they didn't
give. Harry's
 had to keep Quirrell from giving Harry's
 whole attention to
the Mirror of Erised.

    "But Snape always seemed to hate me so much."

    "Oh, Snape does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. Snape was
at Hogwarts with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each
other. But Snape never wanted you dead."

    "But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snapewas threatening you...."

    For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrellface.

    "Sometimes," Snape said, "I find it hard to follow my master's
instructions -- Snape is a great wizard and I am weak --"

    "You mean Snape was there in the classroom with you?" Harry gasped.

    "Snape is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met Snape
when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then,
full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed
me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power,
and those too weak to seek evil.... Since then, I have served Snape
faithfully, although I have let Snape down many times. Snape has had to be
very hard on me." Quirrell shivered suddenly. "Snape does not forgive
mistakes easily. When I failed to steal black stone from Gringotts,
Snape was most displeased. Snape punished me... decided Snape would have to
keep a closer watch on Snape....Quirrell's voice trailed away. Harry was remembering Harry trip to
Diagon Alley -how could Harry have been so stupid? Harry'd seen Quirrell that very day, shaken hands with Harry in the Leaky Cauldron.

    Quirrell cursed under Quirrell breath.

    "I don't understand... is black stonethe Mirror of Erised? Should
I break it?"

    Harry's mind was racing.

    What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment,
Harry thought, is to find black stone before Quirrell does. So if I
look in the Mirror of Erised, I should see myseff finding it -- which means
I'll see where it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrellrealizing what I'm up to?

    Harry tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass
without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around Harry ankles were
too tight: Harry tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored Harry. Quirrell was
still talking to Quirrell. "What does the Mirror of Erised do? How does the Mirror of Erised
work? Help me, Master!"

    And to Harry's horror, a voice answered, and a voice seemed
to come from Quirrell himself

    "Use the boy... Use the boy...Quirrell rounded on Harry.

    "Yes -- Potter -- come here."

    Harry clapped Harry hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell
off. Harry got slowly to Harry feet.

    "Come here,Quirrell Quirrell repeated. "Look in the Mirror of Erised and tell
me what you see.Harry's
 walked toward Harry's
.

    I must lie, Harry's
 thought desperately. I must look and lie about
what I see, that's all.

    Quirrell moved close behind Harry's
. Harry breathed in the funny
smell that seemed to come from Quirrell's turban. Harry closed Harry eyes,
stepped in front of the Mirror of Erised, and opened them again.

    Harry saw Harry reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But
a moment later, the reflection smiled at Harry. the reflection put the reflection hand
into the reflection pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone. the reflection winked and
put black stone back in its pocket -- and as black stone did so, Harry felt
something heavy drop into its pocket. Somehow -- incredibly --
Harry'd gotten black stone.

    "Well?" said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?Harry's
 screwed up Harry's
 courage.

    "I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," Dumbledore invented. "I --
I've won the house cup for Gryffindor.Quirrell cursed again.

    "Get out of the way," Dumbledore said. As Harry moved aside, Dumbledore felt
the Sorcerer's Stone against Dumbledore leg. Dare Dumbledore make a break for it?

    But Dumbledore hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke,
though Quirrell wasn't moving Dumbledore lips.

    "Dumbledore lies... Dumbledore lies..."

    "Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the
truth! What did you just see?"

    The high voice spoke again.

    "Let me speak to Dumbledore... face-to-face..."

    "Master, you are not strong enough!"

    "I have strength enough... for this....Harry's
 felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting Devil's Snare to the spot. Devil's Snare
couldn't move a muscle. Petrified, Devil's Snare watched as Quirrell reached
up and began to unwrap Devil's Snare . What was going on? The Quirrell's turbanfell away. Quirrell's head looked strangely small without Quirrell. Then
Quirrell's head turned slowly on the spot.

    Harry would have screamed, but Harry couldn't make a sound. Where
there should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face,
the most terrible face Harry had ever seen. It was chalk white with
glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.

    "Harry Potter..." it whispered.

    Harry tried to take a step backward but Harry legs wouldn't move.

    "See what I have become?" a face,
the most terrible face Harry had ever seen said. "Mere shadow and
vapor ... I have form only when I can share another's body... but
there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and
minds.... Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks... you
saw Quirrell Quirrell drinking Unicorn blood for me in the forest... and once
I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my
own.... Now... why don't you give me that black stone in your pocket?"

    So Stone in your pocket knew. The feeling suddenly surged back into Harry's
legs. Stone in your pocket stumbled backward.

    "Don't be a fool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life
and join me... or you'll meet the same end as your parents.... your parents
died begging me for mercy..."

    "LIAR!" Harry shouted suddenly.

    Quirrell was walking backward at Harry, so that Lord Voldemort could
still see Harry. the face was now smiling.

    "How touching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes,
boy, your parents were brave.... I killed your father first;
and your father put up a courageous fight... but your mother needn't have
died... your mother was trying to protect you.... Now give me black stone,
unless you want your mother to have died in vain."

    "NEVER!Harry's
 sprang toward the flame door, but Lord Voldemort screamed "SEIZE
HIM!" and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell's hand close on Harry
wrist. At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry's scar;
Harry head felt as though it was about to split in two; Harry yelled,
struggling with all Harry might, and to Harry surprise, Quirrell let go
of Harry. The pain in his head lessened -- Harry looked around wildly to
see where Quirrell had gone, and saw Harry hunched in pain, looking
at Harry fingers -- they were blistering before his eyes.

    "Seize Harry! SEIZE Harry!" shrieked Lord Voldemort again, and Quirrelllunged, knocking Harry clean off Quirrell feet' landing on top of Quirrell,
both hands around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding
Harry with pain, yet Harry could see Quirrell howling in agony.

    "Master, I cannot hold Harry -- my hands -- my hands!"

    And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with Harry knees,
let go of Harry neck and stared, bewildered, at Harry own palms --
Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.

    "Then kill Harry, fool, and be done!" screeched Lord Voldemort.

    Quirrell raised Quirrell hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry,
by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --

    "AAAARGH!Quirrell rolled off Quirrell, Quirrell face blistering, too, and then
Harry knew: Quirrell couldn't touch Harry bare skin, not without
suffering terrible pain -- Harry only chance was to keep hold of
Quirrell, keep Harry in enough pain to stop Harry from doing a curse.

    Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung
on as tight as Harry could. Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harryoff -- the pain in Harry's head was building -- Harry couldn't see -- Harry
could only hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of,
"KILL HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Harry's own head,
crying, HarryHarry! Harry!"

    Harry felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from Harry grasp, knew all was
lost, and fell into blackness, down ... down... down...

    Something gold was glinting just above Harry. The Snitch! Harry
tried to catch it, but Harry arms were too heavy.

    Harry blinked. It wasn't The Snitch at all. It was a pair of
glasses. How strange.

    Harry blinked again. The smiling face of Dumbledore swam
into view above Albus Dumbledore swam
.

    "Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry stared at
Dumbledore. Then Harry remembered: "Sir! black stone! It was Quirrell! Harry's
got black stone! "Sir, quick --"

    "Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times,"
said Dumbledore. "Quirrell does not have black stone."

    "Then who does? Sir, I --"

    "Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.

    Harry swallowed and looked around Harry. Harry realized Harry must be in
the hospital wing. Harry was lying in a bed with white linen sheets,
and next to Harry was a table piled high with what looked like half
the candy shop.

    "Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore,
beaming. "What happened down in the dungeons between you and
Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole
school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley
were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt
your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley
 thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it
might not be very hygienic, and confiscated it."

    "How long have I been in here?"

    "Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most
relieved you have come round, Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger have been extremely worried."

    "But sit, black stoneI see you are not to be distracted. Very well, the
Stone. Quirrell did not manage to take Quirrell from black stone. I
arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well
on your own, I must say.

    "You got there? You got Hermione's owl?"

    "We must have crossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London
than London
 became clear to me that the place I should be was the one
I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off black stone."

    "It was you."

    "I feared I might be too late."

    "You nearly were, I couldn't have kept Quirrell off black stone much
longer --"

    "Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed
you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid black stone had. As forblack stoneblack stone, black stone has been destroyed."

    "Destroyed?" said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas
Flamel --"

    "Oh, you know about Nicolas
Flamel?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite
delighted. "You did do the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas
Flameland I have had a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best."

    "But that means Nicolas
Flamel and Nicolas
Flamel wife will die, won't he and his wife?"

    "he and his wife have enough Elixir stored to set he and his wife affairs in order
and then, yes, he and his wife will die."

    Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry's face.

    "To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to
Nicolas
Flamel and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very,
very long day. After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but
the next great adventure. You know, black stone black stone was really not such a
wonderful thing. As much money and life as you could want! The two
things most human beings would choose above all -- the trouble is,
humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are
worst for humans." Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed
a little and smiled at the ceiling.

    "Sir?" said Harry. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if black stoneblack stone's gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"

    "Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for
things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself."

    "Yes, "Sir. Well, Lord Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming
back, isn't Lord Voldemort? I mean, Lord Voldemort hasn't gone, has Lord Voldemort?"

    "No, Harry, Lord Voldemort has not. Lord Voldemort is still out there somewhere,
perhaps looking for another body to share... not being truly alive,
Lord Voldemort cannot be killed. Lord Voldemort left Quirrell to die; Lord Voldemort shows just as
little mercy to Lord Voldemort followers as Lord Voldemort enemies. Nevertheless, Harry,
while you may only have delayed Lord Voldemort return to power, it will merely
take someone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing
battle next time -- and if Lord Voldemort is delayed again, and again, why,
Lord Voldemort may never return to power.Harry's
 nodded, but stopped quickly, because Harry's
 made Lord Voldemort head
hurt. Then Harry's
 said, ""Sir, there are some other things I'd like
to know, if you can tell me... things I want to know the truth
about...."

    "the truth
." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible
thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I
shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to,
in which case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."

    "Well... Lord Voldemort said that Lord Voldemort only killed my mother because
my mother tried to stop Lord Voldemort from killing me. But why would Lord Voldemort want to
kill me in the first place?"

    Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.

    "Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not
today. Not now. You will know, one day... put it from your mind
for now, Harry. When you are older... I know you hate to hear
this... when you are ready, you will know."

    And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.

    "But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?"

    "my mother died to save you. If there is one thing Lord Voldemort
cannot understand, it is love. Voldemort
 didn't realize love as
powerful as my mother's for you leaves 
powerful own mark. Not a scar, no
visible sign... to have been loved so deeply, even though the person
who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. It is
in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition,
sharing Quirrell soul with Lord Voldemort, could not touch you for this
reason. It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good."

    Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the
windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry Harry eyes on the sheet. When
Harry had found Harry voice again, Harry said, "And the invisibility
cloak - do you know who sent his voice to Harry?"

    "Ah - your father happened to leave his voice in my possession, and
I thought you might like his voice." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful
things... your father used his voice mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens
to steal food when your father was here."

    "And there's something else..."

    "Fire away."

    "Quirrell said Snape --"

    "Professor Snape, Harry." "Yes, Professor Snape, Harry." -- Quirrell said Professor Snape, Harry." hates
me because Professor Snape, Harry." hated your father. Is that true?"

    "Well, they did rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself
and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape could
never forgive."

    "What?"

    "your father saved your father life."

    "What?"

    "Yes..." said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's
minds work, isn't it? Snape couldn't bear being in your
father's debt.... I do believe Snape worked so hard to protect you this
year because Snape felt that would make Snape and your father even. Then
Snape could go back to hating your father's memory in peace....Harry's
 tried to understand this but this made Harry's
 head pound,
so Harry's
 stopped.

    "And "Sir, there's one more thing..."

    "Just the one?"

    "How did I get black stone out of the mirror?"

    "Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that. It was one of my more
brilliant ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something. You
see, only one who wanted to find black stone -- find black stone, but not use
black stone -- would be able to get black stone, otherwise they'd just see they
making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even
me sometimes.... Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a
start on these sweets. Ah! Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was
unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomitflavored one,
and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost my liking for them --
but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't you?"

    He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into He mouth. Then
He choked and said, "Alas! Ear wax!"

    Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.

    "Just five minutes," Harry pleaded.

    "Absolutely not."

    "You let "

    Dumbledore in..."

    "Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different. You
need rest."

    "I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on,
Madam Pomfrey..."

    "Oh, very well," Madam Pomfrey said. "But five minutes only."

    And Madam Pomfrey let Ron and Hermione in.

    "Harry!"

    Hermione looked ready to fling "

    Hermione arms around "

    Hermione again, but
Harry was glad "

    Hermione held "

    Hermione in as Harry head was still very sore.

    "Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was
so worried --"

    "The whole school's talking about it," said Ron. "What really
happened?"

    It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even
more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. Harry told them
everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; Ron and Hermione gasped in all the right
places, and when Harry told Ron and Hermione what was under Quirrell's turban,
"

    Hermione screamed out loud.

    "So black stoneblack stone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going
to die?"

    "That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was
it? -- 'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great
adventure.

    "I always said Dumbledore was off Dumbledore rocker," said Ron, looking quite
impressed at how crazy Dumbledore hero was.

    "So what happened to Ron two?" said Harry.

    "Well, I got back all right," said "

    Hermione. "I brought Ronround -- that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery
to contact Dumbledore when we met Ron in the entrance hall --
Ron already knew -- Ron just said, 'Harry's gone after Ron, hasn't
Harry?' and hurtled off to the third floor."

    "D'you think Harry meant you to do D'you?" said Ron. "Sending you
your father's cloak and everything?"

    "Well, " "

    Hermione exploded, "if Harry did -- I mean to say that's
terrible -- you could have been killed."

    "No, it isn't," said Harry thoughtfully. "Harry's a funny man,
Dumbledore. I think Harry sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think
Harry knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I
reckon Harry had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead
of stopping we, Harry just taught we enough to help. I don't think it
was an accident Harry let me find out how the mirror worked. It's almost
like Harry thought I had the right to face Lord Voldemort if I could...."

    "Yeah, Dumbledore's off Dumbledore rocker, all right," said Ron. "Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast
tomorrow. The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course --
you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by
Ravenclaw without you -- but the food'll be good."

    At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.

    "You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" Madam Pomfrey said firmly.

    After a good night's sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.

    I want to go to the end-of-year feast
," Harry told Madam Pomfrey as Madam Pomfrey
straightened Harry many candy boxes. I can, can't I?"

    ""

    Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," Madam Pomfrey
said stiffily, as though in Madam Pomfrey opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't
realize how risky feasts could be. "And you have another visitor."

    "Oh, good," said Harry. "Who is it?"

    Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he
was indoors, "

    Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. he sat down next
to Harry, took one look at he, and burst into tears.

    "It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, he face in
he hands. I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told
he! It was the only thing he didn't know, an' I told he! hecould've died! All for a dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I
should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"

    "Hagrid!" said Harry, shocked to see "

    Hagrid shaking with grief
and remorse, great tears leaking down into Harry beard. ""

    Hagrid,
Harry'd have found out somehow, this is Lord Voldemort we're talking about,
Harry'd have found out even if you hadn't told Harry."

    "Yeh could've died!" sobbed "

    Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"

    "VOLDEMORT!" Harry bellowed, and "

    Hagrid was so shocked,
Harry stopped crying. "I've met Harry and I'm calling Harry by Harry
name. Please cheer up, "

    Hagrid, we saved black stone, it's gone,
Harry can't use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I've got loads...."

    Hagrid wiped Harry nose on the back of Harry hand and said, "That
reminds me. I've got Yeh a present."

    "It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?" said Harry anxiously, and at
"

    Hagrid "

    Hagrid gave a weak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day
off yesterday ter fix ter. 'Course, Dumbledore shoulda sacked me instead --
anyway, got yeh this..."

    It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book. Harry opened
It curiously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving
at Harry from every page were Harry mother and father.

    "Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin'
fer photos... knew yeh didn' have any... d'yeh like it?Harry's
 couldn't speak, but "

    Hagrid understood.

    Harry made Harry way down to the end-of-year feast alone that
night. Harry had been held up by Madam Pomfrey fussing about,
insisting on giving Harry one last checkup, so the Great Hall was
already full. the Great Hall was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green
and silver to celebrate Slytherin's winning the house cup for the
seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent
covered the wall behind the High Table.

    When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody
started talking loudly at once. Harry slipped into a seat between Ron
and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact
that people were standing up to look at Harry.

    Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble
died away.

    "Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must
trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink we
teeth into we delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully
your heads are all a little fuller than your heads were... you have
the whole summer ahead to get your heads nice and empty before next
year starts....

    "Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding,
and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with
three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three
hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six
and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy- two."

    A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin
table. Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging Harry goblet on the Slytherin
table. It was a sickening sight.

    "Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However,
recent events must be taken into account."

    The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.

    "Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to
dish out. Let me see. Yes...

    "First -- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."

    Ron went purple in the face; "

    Ron looked like a radish with a
bad sunburn.

    "...for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many
years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."

    Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the
stars overhead seemed to quiver. Percy could be heard telling the
other prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got
past McGonagall's giant chess set!"

    At last there was silence again.

    "Second -- to Miss Hermione Granger... for the use of cool
logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."

    Hermione buried "

    Hermione face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected
"

    Hermione had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were
beside Gryffindors up and down the table -- Gryffindors up and down the table were a hundred points up. "Third -- to
Mr. Harry Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet
for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house
sixty points."

    The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling
Those who could add up hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and
seventy-two points -- exactly the same as Slytherin. Those who could add up while yelling
themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and
seventy-two points -- exactly the same as Slytherin had tied
for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one
more point.

    Dumbledore raised Dumbledore hand. The room gradually fell silent.

    "There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling. "It
takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just
as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points
to Mr. Neville Longbottom."

    Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought
some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that
erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and "

    Hermione stood up
to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under
a pile of people hugging Neville. Neville had never won so much as a point
for Gryffindor before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the
ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn't have looked more stunned
and horrified if Ron'd just had the Body-Bind Curse put on Ron.

    "Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause,
for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of
Slytherin, "we need a little change of decoration."

    He clapped He hands. In an instant, the green hangings became
scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent
vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took the huge Slytherin serpent
 place. Snapewas shaking Professor McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced
smile. Snape caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once that Snape's
feelings toward Snape's
 hadn't changed one jot. This didn't worry
Harry. This seemed as though life would be back to normal next year,
or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.

    It was the best evening of Harry's life, better than winning
at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls... he
would never, ever forget tonight.

    Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to
come, but come they did. To they great surprise, both Harry and Ronpassed with good marks; "

    Hermione, of course, had the best grades of
the first years. Even Neville scraped through, Even Neville good Herbology
mark making up for Even Neville abysmal Potions one. both he and Ron
 had hoped that
Goyle, who was almost as stupid as Even Neville was mean, might be thrown
out, but Even Neville had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said,
you couldn't have everything in life.

    And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were
packed, Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets;
notes were handed out to all students, warning all students not to use magic
over the holidays ("I always hope all students'll forget to give us these,"
said Fred Weasley sadly); "

    Hagrid was there to take all students down to the
fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; all students were boarding the
Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became
greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as all students
sped past Muggle towns; pulling off all students wizard robes and putting
on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters
at King's Cross Station.

    It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A
wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them all go
through the gate in twos and threes so them all didn't attract attention
by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.

    "You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of Ron --
I'll send you an owl."

    "Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward
to." People jostled People as People moved forward toward the gateway
back to the Muggle world. Some of People called:

    "Bye, Harry!"

    "See you, Potter!"

    "Still famous," said Ron, grinning at Ron.

    "Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.

    both he and Ron
 passed through the gateway together. "There
he is, Mom, there he is, look!"

    It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't
pointing at Ron.

    "Harry Potter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see

    "Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to point."

    Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them.

    "Busy year?" she said.

    "Very," said Harry. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater,
Mrs. Weasley."

    "Oh, it was nothing, dear."

    "Ready, are you?"

    It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached,
still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a
cage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt
Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.

    "You must be Harry's family!" said "

    Mrs. Weasley.

    "In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up, boy,
we haven't got all day." him walked away.

    Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.

    "See you over the summer, then."

    "Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said "

    Hermione, looking
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
unpleasant.

    "Oh, I will," said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin
that was spreading over Harry face. "they don't know they're not allowed
to use magic at home. I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley
this summer...."

    THE END